A very uninteresting and weak rye.
I think they've tried to make it more accessible to the masses but that makes it less interesting to me.
Nose is mild corn with a slight rye spice. Sweet and mild on the palate with a bit of rye spice on the finish. Rye lite. A rye for people who don't like rye.
Relatively straightforward, sweet, well-rounded bourbon in the best way. I really like it, but the price increase lately has made this impractical to own.
Rich rye taste with a warm tobacco-ish finish.
Smooth and savory bourbon with just the right amount of heat.
Sweet, good, kick at the end. Tasty, but not magic.
Vanilla nose. Tastes of oak and vanilla. Spicy with lesser hints of fruit. Very enjoyable bourbon.
Very full bodied, sweet, cherry, and a lot of oak.
This is like the Johnnie Blue of bourbon, its pretty good but way overpriced.
Light citrus. Lots of frazier fir. Watery mouthfeel.
Creamy and a bit sweet and buttery.
Nice malt flavors just not enough of anything.
Some fruits and malts and again... Just not enough.
Nose is light sherry and dried fruit. The palate has more pear, grain sugar, spiced peaches. The finish has some definite honey that turns into mint milk chocolate and dark rum. The last two flavors are personal favorites, so I have a real liking for this whisky. Very balanced weight for the light to medium body flavors. Nothing was off-putting. Good deal for an easily available distillery bottling. I am buying some.
Nose is cereal malt, candy cane and ginger. Palate is light in body and hot for the ABV. Finish turns to Nerds candy.
Nose of cherries, and other berries galore. Other standard-like caramel and toffee characteristics. On the palate there's cinnamon, ginger, vanilla, and bread - good, balanced sweetness - and it's really tasty. Finish continues the theme at some length. This is a single malt that's bursting with accessible, enjoyable flavors. This is a great choice for a high-class party-pleaser. Yum!
A young sweet oaky affair.
Good for a glass, not for a bottle.
Hmmm...
Nice and sweet basic sherried malt.
Go with the 16 instead.
Bourbony smell, good but not great, hint of floral and toffee.
Citrus nose. Non-descript malt and oak taste, which fades quickly.
Drinkable and immediately forgettable. No thank you.
N: Sweet, slight bourbon. T: Vanilla, molasses. F: Sweet, short finish. O; Easy to drink, good sweet, molasses.
N: Sweet, wine. T: Full-bodied, fruit. Finish: Full, smooth, oak.
Nose of lighter sherry, apricots, plums, slightly acrid but nice. Good but not distinctive, but not in a bad way "not distinctive." A generally nondescript sherried number. One of those whiskies that I have no qualms with, and I'm fine drinking, but it's just "there" in a nice inoffensive and tasty-enough way.
Vanilla, caramel, smooth.
Nice sherried malt with some grassy/hay earthiness that comes forth in the finish.
Better than the 12 year and not much more expensive.
A solid Sherry to have in the cabinet.
This had some mild sherry in the nose, a little dried fruit, mint. Some apricot and sugar sweetness on the palate. Butter, sugar, raspberries. Finish goes to coffee grinds.
Warming and citrusy, reminds me of Chivas Royal Solute, but not as good.
A little too thick and syrupy.
Nose is, yeah I hate to always use this term, but it's slightly farty and sulfurous. The palate is... Odd... And the finish is rough. This adds up to an interesting but not great whisky.
Definitely sherried but its kind of bland and isn't very exciting.
Malty, vanilla, oak, some fruit in the nose. The malt and fruit remain evident on the palate, but overall, there's nothing particularly memorable here, it's just a very solid, enjoyable whisky. I identify Aberlour with the A'bunadh releases and very much enjoy them. Stylistically, I prefer them to this bottling, but this is still quite good.
Color is a nice light golden hue. The nose is sweet, but has some funky undertones. There are plenty of grains and also apples/pears in the mix too. The palate initially tasted like sugar to me but morphed more into a bitter bubblegum and old dry wood sensation. A medium finish.
Tastes sweet and sherried, with dried fruit aspects and smoke notes. Medium-big bodied, and winey with madiera aspects.
Minty sherry with a candied finish.
Sweet sherry with wax, sweet cakes and a light young cherry finish.
Lighter and sweeter sherry notes than what I can recall compared to the more recent batches.
This has a good amount of sulphur in it.
A great buy for a sherried cask-strength Scotch. Batches vary, this one is good, but I'm not super-interested in more.
Heavy woods and sherry with dark chocolate and a meaty quality that comes through in the finish.
Finish is moist and long and has a dusty quality also... Like aged steak... But not really.
Sherry bomb.
But lots of jammy raisiny sweetness here.
Same general qualities but less huge sherry than the others.
The meatiness was there but very faint.
I still love these and without water they are still very drinkable.
A nice sherry bomb.
Lovely abby.
The sherry is obvious.
Lime, evergreen, chili powder, and the last bit of cocoa at the bottom of the mug.
Nose is predominantly citrus-tinged sherry, with spiritous alcoholy stuff rather present. Palate is quite sweet, and there's definitely sherry all over this. The heat isn't as much as the ABV advertises. But there is a strong alcohol-y flavor in here - something like Everclear. In the long finish, cumin and cinnamon appear. Too spiritous for a higher grade, but good whisky.
Rich, citrusy nose. Smooth, smooth, rich, sherry/toffee in the mouth. An extremely pleasant, long finish. Highly recommended.
Same general qualities but that moist meatiness is not there in this one.
The wood is a bit to resinous.
But still very good.
Nose is maple syrup sausage. Palate is rich sherry, butter, vanilla, light spice. Sweet sherry bomb. I could drink this all night. Oh what the hell. It made me very happy.
Grape and old damp wood.
Sweet nose.
Of the six or seven Batches I have tried, this is my highest rated.
I really enjoy this chewy/meaty sherry profile.
Dry at times but also so tangy and heavy that it cries out to be paired with chocolate.
Always a solid buy in my book.
This batch seemed a bit more sulphured.
Lots of alcohol vapors initially.
It's very nutty.
Stale trail mix and stale almond honey oat cereal. The sherry doesn't pop like older batches. The red fruit lingers and smells of cherry hard candy - cough drops. The sherry shows a lot better on the palate. A bit of spicy heat emerges mid palate along with some staleness. Long lingering finish of sour cherry and bitter wax.
Nose is rich sherry and cherry. Caramel with water. Palate is hot, cherry, very good, little bitter quality. Finish is OK, but doesn't make me want more. My palate is a little tired. Not sure I'm getting this right. Need to try again.
One of the best batches I have had.
This one is a bit softer in the wood resin department and the cherries really come alive.
This is really meaty and great.
Nose of toffee, light sherry, vague fruits, and marzipan. Palate is light, sweet, malty, with medium spice. Nicely mouth-coating and medium-bodied. Soap hints detract. In the finish is more spice, and oatmeal emerges. The little soap that shows up taints the whole experience.
The nose is very similar to a Stagg, with huge polished wood notes and some candy sweetness. It also has some good rye type notes with some light mint and spice. The palate has a lot going on; there's wood, vanilla, anise, mint and some rye; the only flaw is an acidic note that pushes some of the other flavors to the background around mid-palate. The finish is sweet mint and spice, like a good mint julep. It's very hot, of course, but once it's diluted and airs out a bit, it's very nice.
Deep raisin color. It takes a few minutes for the nose to come out as the alcohol vapors are strong. When they do arrive I get spice, rye and oak. There are also vanilla elements and some sort of wet wood. On the palate there is a bitter tinge that envelops over a sweet rye and vanilla profile. Unfortunate, because the underlying flavors seem pretty crisp and nice. A nice bang at the end of the mouth leads to a satisfying finish that is not overpowering but fairly spicy. Slightly unbecoming aftertaste. I have no problem drinking this, but there just isn't enough here for me to want to go back to the well that often.
Simple, musty, bland. Lacquer.
Immediate white wine nose, pungent, rich, and sweet. Smells like its worth exploring. Titters between sweet and dry in perfect balance.
Fresh and clean as a whistle.
Finishes organic, briny, and the sugar lingers for 30 seconds.
Lightly sweet but not enough of it.
Perhaps if they hadn't watered it down it would jump out at me, but this is mostly smooth and inoffensive. Meh.
Nose of chardonnay, honey, hints of mustard and lavender, and a hint of smoke. Palate is deliciously sweet, I mean really so, accompanied by the characteristics of the nose. Finish is long and moderate, with spice moving to the forefront, especially in the tails. This is ridiculously drinkable, to a dangerous level. The simple sweetness makes it downright craveable. A great whisky to start the night with, or for anytime at that matter. Finally, a Chieftain's bottling worthy of the name.
Super fruity nose, peachy, with coconut and other tropical stuff. Palate is initially an amazing burst of peach and floral aspects - I wrote "awesomeness." But then it kinda falls off, I'm not sure if that's a fast oxidation or palate acclimation, but it's still great and something I'd want to own.
Nose of citrus zest and custard. You still get the sweet custard on the palate but with lots of citrus and sourness that I felt took away from it.
The finish was pleasant and light.
Kind of mildly-rich, and mostly drinkable. The palate is on the bitter side, with citrus notes. Finishes lengthy, but too hot. Eh.
Good maltiness, sweet candied fruits and peanuts/cashews. Exotic woods and sweet fruit melon jam.
Really interesting.
Big fruity apricot and blood orange nose, body, and finish.
The blood orange is darker and tarter than a typical orange and I think that captures the flavor here well.
Its one dimensional but very addictive.
Some sherry.
Spice, apple in the nose, sweet palate, spicy finish with some earthiness.
Interesting.
Mint and anise as well.
I like, though the finish is too hot.
Sweet nose and taste.
Very pleasant.
Super oak spice with a full load of honey on the nose.
The spices hit hard on the palate in a good way and the American virgin oak that is used throughout Amrut's bottlings really plays a big role.
I liked this a good deal but it still just didn't hit home as one of greatness.
Too bad they can't get these to age considerably longer...
Certainly the most complex of the Amrut line.
Cinnamon spices and marshmallows.
Peat spices on the palate with some burnt chocolates.
Medium long to long finish.
A worthy malt.
Good balance of sherry and light peat, rich vanilla, quite enjoyable and definitely recommended.
An Interesting malt.
Obvious notes of a sherry finish - cherries and chocolate and strawberries - all of a very young sherry aging. The spiciness and the herbal notes combined with the sherry gave this a unique quality that I liked.
Difficult to say that this is anything other than an oddity but a well done oddity nonetheless.
Raw.
Mouthful of earthy cinnamon.
Smokey peat and some harsh cinnamon.
Still has that odd chocolaty note that was more subtle in the normal version.
Still, this gets a slight bump for the cask strength... I would buy this before the standard peated.
This is a very nice, straightforward malt with notes of malt, hay and grass.
I would put it in the standard malt category of the Glenfiddichs and Glenlivets.
Well done.
Vanilla cherries and loads of honey on the nose.
Palate is surprisingly light and airy.
A salty oakiness takes over after a second or two.
The finish has a lingering burn but the actual flavors disappear quickly.
A solid starter malt.
Nose of apples, hay, white wine, and oranges. Palate is relatively plain, and sweet, with very mild spice. It's a light-bodied Scotch, and almost cleansing in the mouth. Finish is short. I like this, it's very drinkable and, um, unobtrusive. One to sip/gulp/enjoy while hanging out out and grilling.
A "purple" nose for a bourbon, with candy corn, traces of acetone. Palate is somewhat plain and watery, decently sweet. Finish is just too hot and alcohol-y and... Whatever... This is where we really lose points.
Nose is rich but funky, like a chocolate candy bar filled with oranges and beef brisket.
And then something sinister which I care not to identify.
Extremely bitter and woody all the way through the finish.
Mouth becomes dry and a strange metallic taste lingers.
I hope I can still have have children. Exceptionally bad.
Thin, simple, dull.
Peat and smoke to the most rich degree. For some reason I really wanted to write down salt water, so I did. This was counterbalanced with some sugar on the nose, so it was really delightful. What really gets you on this one is that when you switch to the tongue, all of these other things come out. Some mashup of delicate fruity wood combines for a very interesting and complex taste. The finish, just like the other bottlings, is excellent.
A straight up classic from Islay.
I love the earthy peat and dusty, almost metallic background that young Ardbegs have.
I always keep a bottle of this around and I look for specific batches to be sure that I get a good one.
Hard not to like. A sweeter peat smoke - lots of it, but light in style. Makes me think of white smoke rather than dark black. A nice sweetness underneath. There are other better Islays, and Ardbegs, but its so drinkable.
Interesting.
Reminds me of a Signatory Unchillfiltered Highland Park.
Very little taste, just clean.
But a powerful finish.
Mild, slightly peaty nose. Oily in the mouth, peaty but smooth. A momentarily strong finish falls off pretty quickly, but then maintains for awhile. Overall a pretty good whisky, but not remarkable.
Nose is weak, with a hint of peat.
Taste is smooth, easy, even buttery at first - but it goes nowhere.
Pleasant and likable, but totally forgettable.
A little peat helps the finish.
But this does very little for me.
Peat peat delicious smoke.
Excellent balance from the powerful peat nose through the smoky-but-sweet body to the smoky-spicy finish that lasts nice and long.
Nose on this was very sweet and fruity with apple brandy notes. Palate starts with a lot of sweetness with smoke that gradually builds on the palate. Like a smoky dessert wine. Very nice and original. If it was higher strength, it would be unstoppable.
Dense sherry-peat nose. Charred cherry wood, tree sap mixes with eucalyptus oil. Loads of BBQ meaty stuff with iodine lingering in the back. On the palate the sherry influence is a bit dry and has a medicinal quality. More in line with dried Chinese herbs. Bright peat and smoked teas emerge in the midpalate. This is surprisingly very gentle and easy to drink. Long finish with fresh mint and coating bitter sherry.
Nose of various phenols - smoked earth, iodine, and coal. The palate is a sweet peat treat. Fruity. The smoke is restrained, though unmistakably present. Interesting antiseptic notes too. The finish is surprisingly short-ish - and it grows more antiseptic here - with faint smokey/medicinal hints lingering much longer. The flavor is huge for 40%, and never overwhelming, but always satisfying. YUM.
Lots of shellfish and maritime notes; Oysters, mussels and sea salt. Filled with medicinal iodine and lingering incense smoke. Peat is present but isn't overbearing of the fruit or herbal aspects. A fair bit of nuttiness comes though on the palate. Particularly raw peanuts. Mid palate gets to buttery and somewhat tastes of expensive olive oil. Long finish with citrus and anise seed.
Charred shellfish and preserved fish. Smokey sharp peat and caramelized sugars. This transfers on to the palate with a slightly astringent mouthfeel. The smoke is reminiscent of smoked jerky. Less peat than expected, but this lets some of the lighter notes of wax , tangerine, and olive oil come through.
Fruity and sweet nose, an explosion of floral notes, light smoke, and finishes smooth and happy.
Musty nose with slight smoke.
Smooth in the mouth yet full bodied and sweet.
Finish is long smoke, some spice, and goodness.
Flat peat in the nose.
No smoke.
A little medicinal.
Kind of fiery on the tongue and smokier on the finish.
High, spicy notes, with a bang.
I don't love the finish... Alcohol-y.
Nose is very trademark Ardbeg with sweet smoke and peat. Palate starts with the smoke, which yields to sweetness and wine. A standard Ardbeg is a very good Ardbeg and I'll rate it as such, but it doesn't particularly stand out from what is a very good pack in a way that would justify the price.
Very medicinal nose.
Short on the palate and short in the finish.
Iodine.
Short but good.
Yummy Ardbeg as you would expect. But not as exceptional as I hoped.
Excellent. Great balance of peat and sugary sweetness, mouth-coating, big long finish, but not over-the-top. Although there isn't massive complexity, the stuff that's in there is about the best it gets.
Nose is really well balanced with smoke and sherry.
Palate is smokey with sweet smoked tea flavors and some dusty/dirty aspects.
Finish was medium and I really liked this as well.
When revealed it was Ardbeg, I kind of put three and five together to see it but certainly not a regular Ardbeg.
Nose of deep sherry, sweet and nectary like Pedro Ximenez, with strong toffee.. The palate is a smoke bomb! Sort of a hickory type of smoke. Mixed with that are beef and pork flavors swirling about. This is really great and quite complex, aggressive and challenging, yet it does that without being inaccessible. Yum yum!
Stinky sock nose. Thin, alcoholy, shoe rubber.
Very unique Ardbeg. Nose is brown sugar and molasses. Butter and spice on the palate, little red pepper. Then the finish gets all red pepper and peat. Wow.
Nose is phenolic with sugar cane, iodine, and hints of oceanic stuff. Bubblegum. Enticing. The musty aspect I find in many Ardbegs isn't particularly here. Palate - yep, that's a tasty whisky. Somewhat more medicinal than an arguably typical Ardbeg, with a savory aspect like burnt steak fat. Mildly sweet. Finish continues the theme at length, with white pepper and ash becoming most prevalent. A tasty peat treat with a sugary undercurrent wrapped in something sorta antiseptic.
Smoke, Peat and some sweet musty characteristics from the Rum Finish.
Cinnamon sweets with some fruity notes in the end.
Nice.
Sweet plum, fruit, thick, band-aidy, very little peat.
This is a big spicy citrus bomb. Briney on the palate with lots of bitter citrus fruits. Fleeting smokey finish. This was very thin and did not have much going on.
Peaty and peppery, on the dryer side for 12 years old, but still mildly sweet. Quite earthy. Notes of the char on a grilled steak. Not entirely remarkable, but a decent peat fix.
Nice blend of Port Ellen buttery sweetness and Ardbeg grassiness.
Finish is meaty, extensive and absolutely tasty.
Only complaint, 40% ABV.
The wateriness shows.
Floral and oily with anise, yeast and iodine. Finish becomes very bitter.
Deep fruity nose, the familiar Ardbeg peat and smoke in abundant proportion.
Fantastic smoke from start to finish, with sweetness continually poking its head in and out.
Goes in good, goes down good.
I just had this for the first time head to head to head with the 10 year and the Ugie.
This won out by a hair because it is so much more smooth and drinkable.
The heat is displaced by smooth and easy sweetness and the earthy peat is tamed to be not so biting. Among the three bottles the Ugie comes close and bang for your buck says the Ugie a well... But I think this wins out for quality in my book.
Seems to pluck out and tame all that is best about the Ardbeg 10.
With less hay and medicine than the 10, you can concentrate on the smoke which does well to not be too overwhelming.
A really good peat sweetness and earthy dustiness that adds some metallic notes.
Solid precursor to the 10 year.
Musty nose of Ardbeg that I've come to love.
Smooth, smoky, peaty, enjoyable, nutty, yummy.
I thought that the Duke may have found some great bottle of Ardbeg 17, man was I surprised to find out the young age.
Full of flavor and not too harsh for the years.
Peaty and tasty.
Perfect. Lovely. Good.
Lots of peat and pepper with a bit of lemon.
Really come along since Still Young.
Can't wait for the new Ardbeg 10!!
Scottish rocket fuel.
One taste and the peaty gasses leech from every pore in your head.
It's a great one-dimensional wakeup call, like skydiving without a parachute into a peat bog.
A very dirty and sooty style of peat smoke, style is more like a Caol Ila than an Ardbeg. I'm not a particular fan of that style, so that's lessening my enjoyment a bit. If tasted blind, however, I would not have been surprised if this had been revealed as a 15 year Caol Ila, it does have some complexity, but the high abv and sooty smoke dominate.
I tried a second time and liked this much more on a fresh palate. Peat and sweet tobacco in the nose. A little freshness with it, like sea air. Sweetness increases on the palate, then broccoli. Then a little farm breeze - sweet manure. Not bad, actually. Perhaps more like rotting grass and bitter green tea. The finish turns to coffee grinds and hint of caramel.
Blaaaaaahhhhhsdale - utterly boring palate and an utterly boring finish.
Fell asleep before finishing.
Classic Ardbeg, reminds me of campfire smoke.
This is much more of a Caol Ila profile to me and while it's still good, I'd prefer the sweet and spicy peat of Ardbeg 10 or Supernova.
Nose has red hots and fruitcake. Strong and sharp. The palate is Christmas! Evergreen and Christmas spice all lingering over this smoky base that reminds me of a fireplace whose flames just died out. Stunning OB by Ardbeg. This is exactly what I'm going to tell my son to leave out for Santa.
The nose is sweet, fruit and smoke - fantastic. On the palate it's initially quite sweet and then the smoke and charcoal characteristics become somewhat overwhelming. But it remains very warm and very tasty. A complex finish of smoke/charcoal and fruit/fruitcake lingers for quite a bit, but what you're left after that is almost purely the smoke/charcoal aspect, which sticks around for several minutes. Overall, this isn't profound, but is extremely solid and if you are in the mood for something with this flavor profile, it is outstanding and a solid value if you can find it.
This could be one of the best price point values out there for peat lovers.
Great campfire notes that reminded me of old Lagavulin.
Salty earthy classic Ardbeg notes but a great campfire smoke that takes Ardbeg to a new level.
Peaty butterscotch with pine needles. Actually, a hair behind the non-committee release in my opinion.
Big malty peat and smokey barbecue.
An unpeated Ardbeg!
Grape fruit juice and a bit floral on the nose.
Vanilla cream and wheat on the palate.
Florally peaty?
Nice.
Incredibly smooth, almost too much for my personal preference. Delicious, but you have to concentrate on it.
Light fruity white wine nose. Ginormous floral body, long evaporative finish.
Just a really great taste, gave me chills.
The nose lacks the distinctive Ardbeg mustiness, and is instead replaced with white wine accents, an unplaceable sugary scent, and slight nuts.
The palate is a wonderful rush of strong fruitiness, which blends into smoke with hints of lavender and bubblegum.
This continues through the almost-lengthy finish with nuances of spice.
Unique and special.
I had this at a party at Ardbeg. The best they had, by far. Still my favorite Ardbeg to date. Less peat than most Ardbegs, the sweetness takes more of the stage, and some of the wood comes through. One that spoils you - nothing else can compare. So easy to drink, but so refined it demands you savor it.
Light and rich at the same time, with some slightly off-putting bitter notes.
Giant and complex.
The taste rolls and changes.
But finishes much smoother than expected.
Very special; I shivered upon first taste.
Huge, evaporative, smoke and peat.
Unlike anything else.
Oh wow. The most unique whisky I've tasted to date. A musty nose, reminiscent of the scent of morning dew after a campfire. Hints of fruit as well, but the nose doesn't reveal what you're about to taste, which is incredible. An oily texture, starts with wood, hints of sweet, then smoke and peat take over, and it's hot! The taste truly changes and reaches an amazing crescendo. The finish lasts for ages, very warm and peppery. Pretty remarkable.
Peaty, sweet nose.
Wow, the definition of crescendo.
Builds and builds to a hot, peaty, spicy, powerful place.
Smooth, comfortable finish.
Smooth, dark, rich.
Red wine, black licorice, plum, blackberry.
Extreme heat.
Extremely complex.
Extremely extreme.
Like a grenade full of orgasms and money.
Truly a special scotch – the perfect mix of peaty smoke and smooth finish. The nose is a little scary but once you get past it its fantastic.
Butterscotch, chili pepper, and salt. Good stuff.
Nose is sweet smoke and fruit. Palate is that thick mix of smoke and sweet with the type of balance that is characteristic of this series. It's not as strong as my taste memory of the Almost There, which I remember as a great malt. Could it be that nine years is the ideal age for this particular expression? Sounds like I should taste the whole series and really dig into the peat path.
Peaty nose with mixed Runts candy, a little musty. Palate is a dark, brooding kind of smoke, heavy and charcoaly, with some fruity-candy in the background. Peppery finish sticks for a while. Tasty heavy peat.
I think it tastes a lot like Port Charlotte, though not as complex. Quite in-your-face. Not as hot as I expected given the ABV. Similar to the Supernova, but less sweet, and "clunkier."
Meh. So many better Ardbegs.
You can smell the youth on this young Islay.
But that isn't a bad thing.
Lots of grassy, foresty notes of evergreen and pine mixed with the young peat.
Not great and I didn't stock up but I'm glad I have a bottle.
Standard Ardbeg plus a little earthiness.
Hot musty nose.
Thin taste.
Finishes hot.
Just a bit too young.
The kind of whisky that make your face contort and your eyeballs wretch in different directions.
Underneath the pain... Raw and tasty in that Ardbeggy kind of way.
Musty nose. Smoky peppery palate with some sweetness. Hot finish, water helps. One dimensional but worth trying. During the blind tasting I said, "I'm going on record that this is a young Ardbeg," and now I would like to be called Mr. Awesome because, of course, I am.
Peat! Not as complex as the older Ardbegs, but a great example of... Peat. And more peat. Enjoyable.
Huge peat, well-constructed.
Nose is not overly huge but the palate sure is, obvious big peat but not over the top, balanced by an equal sweetness. Lemon sugar. Need to brush your teeth to get this one out of your mouth. Now with a few drops of water... Whoa, gets fruity floral, still massive. Tasty stuff.
Nose is strong.
Superbubble bubblegum, lemon pine sol and briney air.
Taste is, wow, aggressive.
The peat is there, but the 100ppm isn't the big player here.
The pine sol sticks to the back of the palate and stays until you wash your mouth out.
The sweetness is fleeting, which is a drawback for me.
Water only makes the bitter-leafiness more prominent.
Nose: Peat. Palate: Peat. Finish: Peat. It's definitely Ardbeg. After 50 ppm phenol I don't know I can taste much difference at 100 ppm. Not bad at all. Very drinkable. The taste won't leave you until you brush it out.
The nose is sweet with smoke, but the smoke is not overwhelming. The first thing to hit the tongue is sweetness, followed immediately with a blast of smoke. The mouthfeel is intriguingly slick and oily.
The sweet and the smoke are intertwined throughout, from start to finish; it's like a smoky candy - liquid smoke and simple syrup. Then, the smoke degrades a bit into bitterness and coal on the late palate/early finish. The final exhale, though, is pure smoke.
A good Ardbeg, but not as well put together as their best.
The nose isn't quite what I'd expect from an Ardbeg - fruity, smoke of course, and something like tomato sauce. The palate is YUMMY. It starts quite sweet, with lemons and honey. The smoke takes a moment to show up, but when it does, it continues to assert itself and stays forever. The finish on this thing is like a day or two. You want smoke? Welcome to heaven. Adding water brings out that musty/dusty quality that I find a dependable Ardbeg characteristic. Water also increases quaffability while sacrificing no flavors although I don't really find any new elements emerging. In all, it's not necessarily much smokier than anything I've tried before... However, I think the super-peating is what leads to the marathon finish. Are there big dimensions to this whisky? Not really. Does it have character? Absolutely. A superb, peaty treat.
Same interplay of sweet and smoke as the old version. I don't see much difference other than a bit less oiliness on the mouth. Rates about the same for me.
Another great Ardbeg and little can be added to the comments above.
I love the additional sweetness out of this than you get in the 10 year.
Head to head, this is simply darker and sweeter but all the smoke and earth is there.
PEAT!!!! There's very few whiskies you'll taste that are anything like this. A simply remarkable nose - peat, turpentine, and then there's sweet fruit! At first taste, it's oily, very peaty, but surprisingly well-balanced. Some fruit comes later, and there's a long, enjoyable finish. This is a huge, extraordinarily-peatedscotch that manages not to overwhelm. Highly recommended.
Takes Ardbeg to a more complex level adding in the sherry. The Ardbeg sweetness turns a little richer, like smoked brown sugar.
Nose of sweet sherry with subtle smoke. On the palate you get hit first with sherry and grapes, almost syrupy with light peat, then peat on the finish. A good solid Ardbeg but another I wish were higher abv.
A complete whisky. Nose, taste, and finish all blend well. Smooth. Peppery, scotchy. The way I like it.
Good nose, McGriddle, sugar, and wood. Good Finish.
Good, Smooth, Simple, Peppery and such.
Nose is clean, somewhat medicinal. Taste is sherry, complex. Honey, pepper. Finish is consistent with taste.
Nose: Sweet wine. Taste: Spice, wine/sherry. Finish: Smooth.
Slight Wine nose, Honey, sherryish, some pepper. Not extremely long, warm finish. Overall: fantastic, balanced.
Smooth, mild, drinkable... Really nice finish.
Sweet nose, touch of wine/sherry. Good palate, sweet, wine. Long finish, kind of fruity. Steady. Consistent. Pepper at the end.
Creamsicles with a fair bit of smoke and peat.
Gets more fruity on the palate with peaches, apricots, and a waxy finish.
Sometimes "peat" is said when really it's more "smoke." This is a great example of a peaty, earthy smoke. In a delicious way. After that hits, peaches/nectarines come forward to make a sweet, yummy, fruity glass of smokey dirt.
Warm Peanut brittle nuttiness with tart citrus and a fair bit of salt. Nuttiness is present on the palate with toasted maltiness, toffee, pears and some sherry notes. Finish is a bit briney and lasts a while.
Fresh green wood.
At best it is disinteresting.
That is the best you can home for, however.
Smells of syrup, toffee and toasted bread. Starts off very spicy and dry and then it dies off leaving a slightly smoky astringent aftertaste.
Sweet smoke and vanilla. Gentle spice. Not remarkable in any way, but a lightly-peated decent sipper.
Wet cardboard, wine and sweet nuttiness. There's peat initially followed by sweet maple syrup. The short salt finish has stale funk to it.
A nose like vinegary white wine, a pinot gris that's ruined. Some light fruit behind this, apple and vanilla. Given the nose, the palate is surprisingly tasty. Vanilla again, cinnamon and nutmeg spices, apple's back... But something's still off. Never quite takes off, but not a bad whisky at all. Decent, but just so.
Grass and mint nose.
Nuts and oily oak resin.
Nice tobacco and prunes. Loads of sherry and oak.
Must have been an active cask for a 7 year old. Right up my alley…
Great for dessert after a lighter meal. With a little water and 20 minutes of air, it's very sweet, powdered sugar. Light sherry. Gets sweeter as it breathes.
They got the cream descriptor right, very creamy in texture, light on the palate but with some nice spice along with the sherry.
Very sweet yet lightly sherried. Smooth, especially for the %.
I like it!
Really interesting smoked fish taste!!
Great!
Rich copper color. On the nose I get hints of cocoa and grain. On the palate the chocolate notes continue, with some more mild grain qualities, oak and an oily component. Medium finish. Overall a good balance that offers a decent kick but is also rich.
Light oak, slightly floral.
Maybe three is one too many distillations, I'm getting a whole lotta nothing from this one.
This is kind of like an Irish whiskey with extra minor dimensions. Nose is light, grassy, with tequila. Palate has a straw/hay thing going on, with malty tones, it's quite grassy. Finish is short-medium. This would be better without the rougher edges of youth, but the youth is probably propelling the most interesting flavors. Nothing magical, and on the very mild side, but I don't dislike anything here.
Dark in color makes you think it will be rich and flavorful... But not so much.
Pretty weak and I see why they did the 'triple wood' thing to 'fix' what was broken... Too bad the fix was just a bandaid that didn't actually cover the wound.
I get strong barley soup in the nose. Also some rye. Interesting. But the palate... It's so plain and watery. There's a slightly fruity/winey character, and slight spice and hay/grass hints. More spice creeps into the slight but long finish. Though I've had some tasty treats from Auchentoshan, this is whisky with little to say.
Nose is light, fruity, and nutty, with vanilla and caramel. Palate is delicious. Moderate spice rush with medium sweetness and grassyness; plus there's a refreshing aspect. Pleasant heat. Lately I've tried a few of these older cask-strength Auchentoshans that are darn tasty, and this is one of them. This isn't especially complex, yet it's not simple either. I like it a lot.
Light yellow color. The nose is wow - wild fruit, like superfruit berries. So fragrant. Cool, but too much for my tastes. The nose follows to the palate, but is much thinner and loses a lot of the excitement of the nose. Slightly astringent sensation I don't like.
The finish is not bad, easy-going but with enough oomph to make me happy.
This is a festive malt. Cinnamon shaving, all spice, and a bit of floral stuff. Theres a ABC gum thing here…. Cinnamon and menthol chewing gum. Good stuff!
Lightly sweet and fruity, with cider notes, and definite cinnamon with other light spice. This is a whisky that's a lighter, easy-drinker, but it achieves that without loss of depth. Yummm.
Caramel in the nose, fruity, vanilla, and green tones - maybe cut grass. Palate is mild and sweet, with round "red" fruit tones. Finish is short, with some cherries. An easy and agreeable whisky, while managing a fuller-feeling-and-tasting palate.
Not much better than the 12 year and it seems to me that with everything going on here that it would be better... But it is just a bunch of soft flavors from an attempt to fix it me thinks... Nice try and not horrible, but not really good either.
Nose has that odd, tangy smell of multi-vitamins and pee, which makes me not excited to taste this. Well, I'm going to... And whatever is supposed to be going on here, there's too much of it. Bad cask, bad medicine. YUCK.
Peppermint and citrus - light malts in background - Palate is more of the same.
Hot vanillas and some heavy oak spice that was not on the nose after a second or two. Finish is medium and not really anything but lingering oak resin.
Very light with not much going on.
Lots of pine wood and spice with a very short finish.
Tasted blind.
This has a beautiful nose with light sherry or port and lots of floral notes.
On the tongue it gives sweet sherry with some oily notes.
The finish is mostly sherry but has some nutty characteristics as well.
Very nice stuff.
A completely average bourbon, I couldn't find anything distinctly interesting in it, but it's full flavored.
Nose is classically bourbon, mild. Palate - agreeable, mild, bourbony bourbon. Finishes well, and long, although the very tail is all heat.
Honey-grassy yum. Medium sweet with mild spice. Short finish, but it's a delicious one, with a little curry and mint showing.
Nose is some sort of scented floor cleaner. Palate is mild, fruity, and almost zesty, with a blend of other mishmashy across-the-board stuff. Palate continues this in medium length. Okay, but sort of just plain and, um... Okay.
A tasty and inconspicuous lighter whisky of honey, caramel, vanilla, touches of oranges, and a light dusting of spice. Though I'm not thrilled at all with the price, I like this quite a bit as an "easy" whisky, somewhat of like a better and slightly bolder version of Glenfiddich 12.
Nose of apples, with hints of rosewater and ginger. Palate is mildly sweet and lightly fruity with the apples continuing, and a spicy mouthfeel kicks in midway. Moderately-long finish adds complexity, becoming dryer, with more freshly-picked apples, and floral stuff reawakening and wafting through my nose. One of those whiskies that's got a number of things going on, but all very lightly - so as to make me wonder if there's really as much going on as I think there is... Or is there any difference? Anyhow, fine to try.
Nose is solventy, little else.
Very weird and organic, nasty alcohol.
Finish is metallic and astringent.
Way too much cheap grain in this baby.
Nose is tight and sweet, with alcohol. Palate is good. Buttery and mild sweetness, with cherry. Finish it short, sweet, and hot. Pretty darn good sherried whisk(e)y.
Nose of minty clove and resin/shellac. Palate is on the milder side, with some smoke, some of everything, with spice and slight sweetness. Finish is short and okay. Solid.
But not much of a finish.
Very smooth.
Finish slips away quietly and fast.
The pricey hooker Scotch.
Light sherry.
Christmas candy and new bicycle tire.
Yum!! An antiseptic and smokey nose, with some kind of varnish. The palate is delicious - very smokey smoke, mildly sweet, with some cigar/tobacco flavors, and incredibly drinkable for something so peated. Finish is medium-length and continues the theme. As compared to its counterpart, the smoke here is more earthy and peaty. The youth shows through, allowing some fire to seep in, but also a rush of rich smoke/phenol/earth related flavors. Tasty smoke in a glass, with strong antiseptic qualities. I really like it.
The nose on this one is very different from its counterpart. It's smokey for sure, but overtly fruity as well. The palate is sweeter and fruitier, and the smoke is present in charcoal-esque flavors. This lacks the peat explosion of the Burgundy version, yet is probably just as interesting. The youth is apparent in the fire that dances in the palate and finish, but that same youth also packs lots of varying fun flavors. Both this and its inaugural sister bottling make me really excited for what's to come.
Weak palate, initially oily.
Peaty sweet finish.
Bathwater and spearmint.
Strong peat nose, weakly peaty taste.
The port is hard to find.
Nose is an attack of smokey peat. Palate is massively peaty/smokey, with the smoke tending towards the campfire variety. Tasty and butt-kicking, though quite one-dimensional. There's enough sweetness to balance this out for an enjoyable but challenging experience.
Light and creamy oak, very dry at first and then sweetens.
Incredibly drinkable but not much complexity.
Creamy sugary - bit of malt maybe a bit of bubblegum.
Clean and hot.
Youngish vanilla - warm finish.
An indistinct nose, faintly dusty with peaches and pears. Palate follows suit, kinda peachy but nondescript. Finishes with more stone fruits. Nothing to love here but I kinda like it.
Nose is fruit and some kind of glue. Palate is sweet, pleasing, and mild-bodied with mild complexity. Finish is medium-length and warm. This is generally just a somewhat typical warm, sweet, light fruit & spice malt. Nothing crazy going on here, but an enjoyable whisky.
Completely agree with the notes above and this was one of my go-to bottles for a long time.
Always replaced an empty bottle ... Until it got kinda ... Tired.
For the price, this is one of my favorite standby inexpensive whiskies. Sweet, sherried flavor, moderate finish, and very enjoyable. There's nothing remarkable here, but particularly for the novice scotch drinker, this is significantly better than the other options at this price point.
Good easy drinker.
The right amount of sweetness.
This is something I pour for friends who want to try a good affordable scotch that can be found at most stores.
Honey and oats. Bitter stalks.
Maple nose, full oaky flavor with good mouth feel, some sugar. Finishes a bit hot, but quite good for the price.
Fruity with lots of toffee sweetness.
There is a soft oily/buttery component to it that makes this very enjoyable.
Dried fruit mix on the palate with a lengthy finish.
Straight forward and tasty.
Fruity nose, Copper. Smooth.
Nose is caramel. Taste is spicy. Hot. Finish lingers.
Nose: Apple Cider. Palate: Sweet. Finish: A bit too harsh, spicy. Overall: Ok.
Nose: Cider. Taste: Sweet, Spicy. Finish: Pepper.
Nose: caramel, pepper. Taste building to a bit of spice. Lingering finish.
Spicy. Packs a punch. Very Peppery. Finishes in the back of throat.
I was expecting more from this, but it is not bad. The new oak seems bring out the bourbon qualities of Balvenie. Vanilla, oak, some spice, but it is restrained. Not hot at all. Quite smooth, but not amazing. I'd probably rather have a good bourbon for the flavor profile and the price.
Nose is fruity and bright. Very fruity, actually. With honey. The palate is a bit watery, but easy-drinking, light spices, fruit... I'm not gonna run out and buy a bottle, but I'll happily drink yours.
This one seems like a lot of vanilla and fruits with some soft spices.
Needs more oomph to get a better score though.
Good solid whisky but buy the double wood instead.
I must admit that I usually like wine finishes and this Port Finish is really good in my book.
The classic vanilla sweetness and fruits are complemented with the musty sweet port flavors.
The dark grapes and musty earthen notes ad something really nice in my book.
I am ashamed...
The nose is like the cherry aroma of a Barolo. The palate is more malty, less sweet. The finish is a little more woody, tasting some of the port finish. Great nose and easy to sip on. Probably not worth the price, but very enjoyable.
Nose is light: honey, vanilla, bakery notes, caramel, and floral aspects... And some soap. Palate: very soapy. The rest besides the soap is good - spice, malt, caramel, vanilla - but the soap is ridiculously prominent. Finish improves nothing. If the sample I tried was stored properly, then this is not good and I would never recommend you try it. An interesting taste of history, but you're missing nothing.
This is the best scotch whisky I can remember in a year. If I could not drink whisky, I'd be happy nosing this alone. But I can drink it, which is even better. Best Balvenie for sure.
Deep amber color. The nose is unbelievable - one of the best ever. The sherry notes are there with raisin and plum. Just incredible. On the tongue, a lot of wood and spice, but not in a bad way. The finish lingers and is very nice. Overall, delightfully rich and lovely.
The nose is very rich sherry with berries. The palate is lush and massively fruity with pears and sweet sherry notes and the finish has prunes and figs. This is a really nice sherried malt. The sherry is out front but not overwhelming; it's masterfully balanced and really a pleasure to drink. I'm not a huge sherry head but I really appreciated the balance and fruit on this malt.
You know what Balvenie does really well? THIS. An incredibly drinkable and balanced malt, not too heavy or too light. Big fruits of all kinds, fresh and dried, moderated sherry influence mixed with light mulling spices and milk caramel. Great silky mouthfeel. Oak in the finish says hello but not too loudly. Hard to take notes, just want to drink more!
Indistinct nose. Light. Toffee, Rotten fruit, ammonia.
Nose is quiet.
Palate has some spice and cinnamon - strong, and keeps going.
Good, but one-note.
Sharp.
Finish is long.
Not much of a nose, but what's there is slightly rich and honeyed. There's an initial HOT, somewhat slightly sweet burst of flavor that goes away reasonably quickly. Solid, but nothing special.
Sharp and spicy.
Finish is like an old guy who wants to leave the party, he doesn't stay long.
Finish is a bit soapy but this is very good.
Add water.
Spice, mint, and cedar.
Takes water well.
Peppery finish with more of the same.
Sweet, fruit, alcohol.
Wow - the notes on this are all over the board.
Some really like it and others are not so impressed.
I do like this kind of lighter fruity malt that has a smokey finish that keeps going.
I love this bourbon. More like a lowland scotch. Lots of flowery heather and light flavors. An afternoon refresher. Very delicate.
Nose of sweet honey and nuts, but not too big on flavor, finishes long and crisp... Not too interesting but quite drinkable.
Restrained sweetness and mild spice. Kind of flat for me but not an un-enjoyable bourbon.
Fruity nose.
Sweet taste.
Good not great.
Very good and yummy.
Sweet, full, spicy, rich.
Very unusual, lots of citrus, malt and barley, very layered.
However I've always been a bit put off by the overripe smell of port, and that note brings this down a notch for me.
If you like port, you'll probably love this whiskey.
I second the props for this whisky, really tasty stuff.
Generally nutty, spicy, and balanced with a perfect confectionery sweetness, it's very much like drinking a dessert.
Even novice whisky drinkers seemed like this one quite a bit, so if you're looking to get you girlfriend into whisky, then have her try this... $240 a bottle.
A huge punch-in-the-jaw of rich flavor. Watch out for the ABV!
Nose of rich candied fruits - apricots, oranges, and grapeyness - with heavy toffee, rich caramel, and honey. The palate delivers an abundance of the properties of the nose, with gentle spice, and again a tinge of something like sulfur, but I kind of enjoy that part too. Finishes as before at length. This is a definitely tasty treat, rich and syrupy-tasting, but not syrup-bodied. Winner.
Nose of chocolate, figs, some rubber. Lots of sherry stuff. The palate - woah, chocolatey! Kinda like vanilla and chocolate fudge. Quite sweet, very sweet. Rich. The sherry is all over this, and it's a "dark tasting" kind of sherry... Deep, dried fruits, somewhat mysterious. A tinge rubbery at first, let's see how it opens up... Ahh, quite nicely. And water really smoothes out most of the heat, but keeps this nice and sweet, exposing lighter fruits and melon tones. Yum! Finish continues the theme as you'd expect, with requisite spice entering. Add water until this clouds up, and it's a definite recommend, especially for those with a whisky sweet tooth.
High heat with a velvety finish this fragrant, floral wonder is heavy on flavor, too: vanilla, cinnamon, spice and black pepper.
Fairly awesome.
Big peat and BBQ notes. Tar, bandaid and iodine. Vanilla and citrus undertones on palate. Short finish.
Chocolate nose.
Rich, full oak in a good way, rich and buttery.
Very good, heavy, thick, slightly sweet goodness.
Light smoke and peat in the nose with unidentifiable fruit, bubblegum.
The palate is a nice balance of peat, lemon, and sugar.
Finish is medicinal, short, and dry.
Smooth and a bit thin.
I'm finding little to say... But I'm not sure if that's due to the taste of the whiskey, or the whiskey I've been drinking.
Somewhat medicinal in the nose.
Smoky taste that's short lived, with a rough and quick finish.
Just smoky enough.
It reminds me of a John Ford & John Wayne film.
Sweet honey mixed with smokey goodness. A drop of water opens it up nicely. Nice bang for your buck here.
Light, crisp and easy drinking fruitiness with some malty/grassy notes that add a little bitterness that works.
I take this over the Glenfiddich every day but the price difference needs some work.
The nose on the 12 year old definitely has some of the fruity notes from the BenRiach Heart of Speyside, but they are more muted and have more malt. The palate is less fruit juice than fruit wine with some more complex fruit notes, such as berries, overlaid on a malty canvas. The finish is more malty than fruity.
A pleasant somewhat sweet, sugary nose, and the rum is clearly identifiable. An initial sugary velvet gives way to a warm, candied oak, which then leads to a reasonably long, mellow finish. I found this to be an extremely interesting, well-executed cask-finished scotch.
I also really like this.
The rum adds some great leather and spicy wood flavors that are not in the regular BenRiach.
The sweet sharp fruitiness is softened a bit by the smokey tobacco notes from the dark rum spices.
One of the better rum finishes I've had. This is better than the BenRiach 15 sherry finish.
Spicy. Tobacco. Complex.
Yum rum. The dark rum adds a sweetness to the whiskey that makes for a deliciously different taste than most whiskies.
Boring and forgettable.
Not a fan of Madeira finishes and this one falls right in line with so many others.
Too obviously finished as the winey notes are just cover for an average whisky.
Still... It is drinkable and might work on a shelf as a novelty.
Not overly sweet, and quite mild in that regard. Then there's waves of moderately rich flavors of grapey aspects and maybe molasses hints. I'd think this was quite sherried if I didn't know otherwise. Tasty.
Peat. Less striking. The wine that accompanied this, however was excellent.
This is pretty fantastic. A great sweet nose of butterscotch/vanilla, reminiscent of Werther's candies, with some spice. Initially sweet, then spicy and dry. Extremely interesting in the mouth. A warm but spicy finish. This is my favorite of the Benriach wood finished 15 year olds. Highly unique, definitely recommended.
Bourbon aged with a sherry finish.
Usually works and usually works exactly to this extent.
Fine to drink but not really worthy of excitement.
High notes are sugary, but base is a nicely sharp whiskey. Liquid caramel.
Nice, almost fruity first impression. Finish is a bit rougher. Sherry gives it enjoyable sweetness overall. Solid.
Sweet nose, but somewhat simple. The taste is as expected from the nose: a pleasant sherry, caramel and oak, but it's not spectacular. This is a very good whisky... But there are just a number of others that do this same thing better. Consider this a poor man's Mac 18. Given their respective price points, that's not bad!
Well you can definitely taste the sherry! Not a monster, but it's very prominent and tasty. Medium-rich palate, medium-length finish. Pretty good whisky.
Ash. Beech. Brawny.
Little to no nose. Not very complex taste. Smooth but short finish. Very okay.
The nose seems to be missing; mild oak/raisin, hints of orange. But that's a stretch. It's initially spicy and the grape/raisin notes continue for a short, unremarkable finish. Nothing offensive, but he pieces just don't fit together. Not recommended.
At 16 years, the malt has overtaken the fruit on the nose, but there is still substantial fruit. The fruit on the palate is now more of a dried fruit variety with plenty of malt on all sides; there's also a slight sulphur note. It still has a fairly light character and is quite sweet.
Balvenie-ish. Sharp and warm, like a knife. Clean finish. Oily. Light smoke at end. Nose is gasoline-ish. Thin, warm. Hot toddy-ish finish.
Down the middle, oily after buttery. Hits hard for a second. Not especially complex, but good. Classic Scotch. Not special, but good.
I like. Buttery. Tobacco nose.
Light color, oily!, very slightly sweet, lightly peated, pleasant burn on the finish.
Nose of turpentine.
Sharp initial bite; taste is floral and sweet, even a little buttery or oily; little to no peat; clean finish.
Sweet nose, some anise. Palate mild, sweet/plain, with bite. Finish scotchy, alcoholy, light smoke at end.
Sweet start, light smoke at end.
Thin, oily.
We're dealing with a really cool, unique whisky here. The nose is green apple Jolly Ranchers, with caramel. Amazingly, this continues 100% into the palate, where you can taste that green-apple-martini/candy thing with medium-to-rich sweetness. And it holds up pretty well. The finish is long-ish, and it turns slightly bitter here with heat, but in a manageable amount. Delicious!
Tons of tobacco and leather contrasted by balanced sherry notes.
Tarry, bitter dark cocoa, coffee grind, espresso, black berry, and fig.
The oak is clean and fresh.
Not too resinous.
Finishes with apricot marmalade.
A light, easy, and yummy single malt scotch. It's smooth and super-fruity - notably with peaches and watermelon. The finish is predominantly pure peaches - in fact I've never tasted a specific fruit so distinctly in a whisky. Peachy!
Great, fruity and addicting.
Light and fruity.
Dry finish.
Very enjoyable.
My favorite of the La Maison Du Whisky group.
Peaches En Regalia. Major fruity nose with a spicy taste. Strange but welcome combination of flavors. Really enjoyable and unique.
Very sweet and smooth. Peaches with a couple teaspoons of sugar on top. Easy to drink. Even whisky haters would probably like this.
Fruit bomb.
Peaches.
Love it.
I don't give a lot of straight As and this one may be one of my all time favorites.
Strange that this is heavily peated as I found no peat notes at all.
What did come through was some amazing spicy sweet bananas and old bay seasonings.
Perhaps that's the peat...
The palate is spicy and warming and simply terrific.
Some lavender notes with lemon grass in the finish background.
The finish lasted for a long time and I kept wanting more of this one.
Kicked all of the others the night we tasted blind.
Nose is really peachy. Floral notes, a tinge of smoke, vanilla, hint of chocolate. Palate is a burst of deliciousness! Fruity fruit - and Fruit Stripe gum again, which I've tasted in a few Benriachs now. Watermelon, granny smiths, nectarines. Also cumin, and now I'm smelling/tasting sandalwood too. Finish is longish. There's a great interplay here between the nearly-fruit-bomb-aspects and light but neato spices. The label says it's peated, but whatever peat is in here doesn't come across as smoke. This is a whisky you can just drink and enjoy at a party, or quietly sit and ponder. Winner!!
Nose is white raisins and bread pudding - quite unique. The palate is figs, dates, and peaches. Light sweet sugar flavors are strong with this one. The finish turns to darker flavors, but still on the lighter side of dried fruits, buttery desserts. I would love to try this side by side with the 76 Benriach from Maison du Whisky - because that was a favorite of all time. Like this one, it had the unique very sweet flavors, but so refined and enjoyable. Great whisky and so rare to find one with this flavor profile.
Very dark amber color. The nose is peaty and has hints of smoked currant and oak. The palate is absolutely wonderful and balanced: spiced oak, vanilla, and burnt sugar. Very rich flavor profile and very good medium finish. I wish I had purchased more bottles than I did.
A beautiful rich deep amber color portends that something special is housed in my glass. The nose has everything you would expect: sherry, raisin, rhubarb and other sweet notes. On the palate, I get a cool combo of peat and sweet wood with the sherry. A little bitter too. The finish is good and not overpowering. In fact it hits a sweet spot.
Butterscotch and lobster.
Port Ellenesque. Thick an delicious. Red hots.
Love it!
I had this after some strong peaty whiskies - so I noticed more of the sweetness. Very complex and full-bodied. A great deal.
Quite an onslaught on the palate with smoky sweetness that's all over the place - but in a great, adventurous way.
The peat and sweetness are constantly fighting for the forefront, and what others might see as a lack of balance I find really enjoyable.
And it sure doesn't taste like 59% abv. More to love every time I drink it.
Very dry, smells like the inside of a wooden desk drawer... Lots of smoke and peat, finishes hot but with a sweetness that compensates.
Heavy peat.
Rubber and asphalt darkness dominate the nose.
Starts off with brine and smoke.
Stewed fruit sweetness. Thin and dry with bitter sweetness on the finish.
A very wacky nose, BBQ and glue... The combo of peat and sherry on the palate is quite tasty, really peated strongly it would seem.
I can only imagine how this would taste with 15 more years on it.
A young superstar.
Nose of very gentle smoke and Band Aids. Palate is lightly smokey, moderate-bodied, and lightly sweet. Light smoke lingers in the finish. An odd one... Not much going on, besides light smoke, vague sweetness, and fleeting spice.
The nose on this one is quite mild with floral notes. The palate has shed its fruit in favor of sweet malt. It's definitely richer than its younger siblings, with malt and just a whisper of ash. The finish gives you lingering malt and a bit more of the floral note that was on the nose.
Light smokey nose.
Smoke! Dry and evaporative.
Good but a bit one dimensional.
A peat Monster with too much sharp bite.
Little else ... Really.
Some malty notes but there is no bacon that usually comes with these young peaty beasts.
A nice experiment but I don't think BenRiach should quit their day job... Perhaps another 10 year in oak and it will be better.
Nose is strong "white" peat, much like Ardbeg. Grassy. Palate is grassy but dirty. Simple. Seems too young. Needs a sherry cask to balance it out.
Reminds me of a slightly diluted Ardbeg with a hint of non peated new make tossed in.
Very drinkable, but low end Islays do better for a similar price.
Benriach can do peat much better than this.
Put it back in the cask and hold off on the water, guys.
Stale Hawaiian bread, honey, and toffee. The stale doughy aspects are more apparent on the palate.
Average white wine nose but with an added layer of spice, taste is similar, very sweet, long finish.
I've read a lot of bad reviews about Tokai finishes, this was my first one and it proved to be quite good.
Easy drinker and sweet, yet with good spice. Youthful heat.
Watery and simple.
I think we have a new category-maker here, let's call it the delicious sulfur-bomb.
Gunpowder on the nose and a sort of tangy sulfury spice on the palate.
One might call this seriously flawed because of the sulfur content, but I find myself craving the taste.
I can see why they bottled this one, it's surely a very unique Benrinnes.
Pepper and sherry but very bitter, and most of all medicinal - which isn't overwhelming, but is what you're left with on the finish. Still, it's rather tasty.
Very fruity and citrusy, with lemon, orange, some sherry, some spice, and a tangy caramel sweetness. A very agreeable, all-purpose, flavorful Scotch that's not too anything.
A little overpowering.
Delicious, sweet aroma.
I love the bouquet. The thin syrupy texture is actually quite nice. It's hot going down and it burns in a good way.
This is a bit of surprising complexity.
It's very drinkable and not one-note.
Someone said it tastes a bit like caramel and I tend to agree.
It also has a bit of a sherry quality to it.
This is my favorite whisky we have blind tasted so far.
Ginger, honey but then burns like deepthroating the Human Torch. Which I dig.
Huge nose - sweet wine.
Taste reminiscent of Macallan, but the volume is turned way up.
Bold, sweet.
Long, rich, great finish.
Intense burn - needs a little water to fully open up the flavor.
Nose of leather and old books.
Full body, nutty malt, winey goodness, long malty finish.
I swear this must have been finished in the same cask as the Glen Elgin 16!
Damn fine.
Strong maple nose. Fun to drink, the initial maple flavor is overcome by smoke and peat. A very good whisky, but a bit too mellow, thin, and not particularly memorable.
Sweet nose. Tastes of toasted marshmallows.
Short sweet finish.
Fruits and sweet iced tea with a bite.
Really nice clean lines and a great light taste.
The nose is coconut and cane sugar, pretty sweet. The palate goes a different direction, the wood makes it grassy and a little bitter. Water takes some of the bitterness away. Then it turns a little spicy, tofu bacon. The finish is all tofu bacon. Not bad.
Great nose of sweet iced tea. The palate is spiced peaches. Very smooth and light. A nice start to an evening.
I really liked this find from Signatory.
Great clean crisp Iced Tea and malty barley notes with vanillas and sweet fruits like apricots and under-ripe bananas.
Great stuff and the price is perfect.
This is fruity, spicy, and kinda generally tasty without being notable. I's quite drinkable - and not by way of lacking flavor - so that makes it decent stuff.
Nose of light vanilla and heavier caramel, with citrus notes, heather. Given the nose, the palate hits with unexpected smoke in moderate levels, but at center stage. Vanilla and caramel follows, with lite apples and oranges. Toffee. Finish continues the theme with added grapefruit hints. This is good stuff, and presumably will be a good buy once we get confirmation on the price.
This is somewhat grassy, a little floral, with a little bit of spice and vanilla, and mostly just a whole lot of heat. Even with decent amounts of water the heat stays, and the water doesn't change much in the flavor. The few things going on here are all at "level one," except for the heat and a woody/papery background. Interesting to try, if for no other reason than I'm mystified as to how this could have such little flavor... Yet there it is. This should have gone to the blenders.
Pine nose. Palate is sweet spice. Finish improves, and is lengthy... Becoming kinda alcoholy towards the end which pushes me away somewhat. Not a lot to say about this one - it's one of those mildly-sweet mostly-spicy-with-floral-aspects-things that you've had before.
Strained oats.
Thin and boring.
Wood stain and varnish with a bit of sweetness on the nose.
Palate is much the same, what I imagine drinking wood stain would tastes like.
Very unpleasant and I did not drink any more.
Will retry at another time to confirm as I felt this was not for consumption.
Nice solid peatiness with some bacon grease that is a bit more tame than I prefer and a bit of bubblegum in the background.
Hmmm... Lots of floral notes that usually put me off.
The vanillas and fruits are masked by that herbal/floral perfume.
The taste in well integrated if you like that sort of thing and I suppose it is fine just not my bag.
Nose has that familiar fruit-bubblegum-estery thing going on. Palate is tasty! Light. Vanillay-honey-sweet, floral, aromatic. Tangy in the corners of my mouth. Finish is nice and long, continuing the previous with smoke hints. After drinking this for a short while, the best parts are not as present.
Well how about that, it smells like dry wheat!
As a big fan of wheated bourbons I had high hopes for this, but increasing the wheat percentage in this case doesn't increase the enjoyment.
It's got a promising profile, but its to young and rough and ultimately I don't feel drawn back to the glass.
I'd love to try a long aged version in the future.
Clearly something intended to be over peaty with loads of iodine and medicinal notes.
Surprising little bite on the palate.
Water doesn't do a whole lot to it.
Bacon spices and a salty ocean on the finish.
When I tasted this at the meeting I got lots of campfire embers and waves of pleasantly smokey peat.
Loved it.
I bought a bottle, however, and upon trying it at home was nearly overwhelmed by the medicinal aspects - specifically: the plasticky/latex/band-aid taste.
Weird.
I still think it's a really good bottle, but the doctor's-office stuff probably keeps it from being great.
Nose is gentle smoke, with some sweet and vanilla tones. The palate is mild and pleasing, with smoke and spice. Finish is medium-length, and pepper joins the previous. I have no arguments with it.
Figgy sherry on the nose with some glue.
Moderately sherried but then opens up into some bourbony corn flavors, coconut, and spicy wood notes.
The grain really adds some positive complexity and yields a unique experience.
Nice work.
This is the best blended scotch whisky I've tasted to date. It's a blend that definitely tastes like a blend, but in a great way - the grain whiskies in here work well, increasing the overall flavor experience and adding complexity. Generally, this is mostly a big caramel number, with sherry notes fluttering about, and a lovely, oaky finish. Sweetish, with vanilla, and a mix of red and white fruits. I'm just blown away by how well the whole package works, it does what it does excellently. Yes, please!
Pina Colada nose which I wish was present in the palate. Instead, the taste is entirely inoffensive, slightly fruity, and very drinkable. I think this likely accomplishes very well what it was designed to do. I like it, all things considered.
In my experience, this is the best out of the Black Maple Hill vintages. The older expressions have lost some of the punch, and the younger "Small Batch" pales in comparison for nearly the same price.
Sweet maple nose.
Palate sweet honey, maple, oaky and easy and good.
Finish tasty goodness of of more yumminess.
Definite rye nose, but not overwhelmingly so. The flavor - this is a decent rye, and closer to a bourbon. Seems to have a relatively low rye content. Finish is semi-long, dryer, and basically too tannic and woody. Like I said, this is decent rye whiskey, but I don't know that I would seek it out. Some may enjoy the very-oaky aspect.
Not a lot of notes, but I liked the orange color and the light body.
Cherry coke and dirty leather.
Coconut nose, sweet and full bodied, builds to a nice finish.
Mild, sweet nose. Tastes of caramel with a long, warm finish. Sweet, well-balanced bourbon.
Sweet & spicy taste.
Loooong hot finish.
Sweet and delicious.
Sweet, coconut-y taste.
Finish is a bit too hot and long, so a few drops of water are required to mellow it out.
Sweet, spicy, woody.
Add a couple drops of water to open this up.
Finish is long, warm, some coconut at the end.
A very tasty bourbon.
Winey, with kick in the finish.
Then, just when you thought it was done, there's coconut at the very end.
Good, but something off-center.
A mild bourbon with oak and toasted oats.
Sweet molasses with a toasty finish that is a bit salty.
A nice mellow bourbon that I could drink anytime.
I absolutely love this bourbon. Lots of caramel and sugar. Absolutely divine in my mind; a little surprised this one wasn't well received.
Appetizing maple nose, tastes sweet and spicy. Finish is long and great, warm without being hot. Great balance, smooth without being weak. I like.
Great - Sweet.
Maple, fruit, and spice.
Warming.
Long sweet finish.
Tastes a lot like their bourbon.
Hmm...
Mildly spicy nose.
Taste is clean.
Finish is very short.
Not that special but certainly not offensive.
Not as pleasant, sweet, or easy as the Classic Cask.
Some bitterness in the middle.
It's got a kick.
Sweet, long, decent finish.
Tastes like maple syrup.
Sweet, sugary.
Not as nice as the Classic Cask.
Too sweet.
Much, much more enjoyable than the Old Potrero.
Fruit, burnt sugar, licorice, chocolate and vanilla.
Not quite the 14 Yr, but a good deal none the less.
Medium gold/amber color. The nose has very sweet corn and a nice layer of vanilla. The palate is rich and smooth with some oak, spice and vanilla. A nice finish with a good lingering draw. Overall, very balanced.
This is supposed to be a blend of different vintages averaging around 8 yrs old. Doesn't have the character of the cask-designated releases, but quite enjoyable in its own right. Toasted oak with hints of dark chocolate and vanilla. A great introduction to Black Maple Hill, and quite a deal at around $35.
This is tasty and I like it. Finish is lengthy, but a rough ride.
Big and fruity, with equal parts spice. Some gaseous elements keep my enjoyment of this from reaching full potential. But I'll happily drink your bottle!
Nose of varnished wood, sweet floral scents - rosewater - and generally "pink." Fruit, melons. Palate is fruity as expected, mildly sweet, and mild in general. Woody. Finish is medium-short and grows a bit bitter and drying. Altogether this is worth trying, but that dry/odd finish diminishes the experience.
Nose of ashtray and leather. Palate is a spice fiesta... That was attacked by banditos, who subsequently poured grainy blecch all over some previously delicious, rich cinnamony stuff. Water helps but doesn't heal. Such great potential, destroyed by I-don't-know-what. Worth trying, but not in a great way.
Nose of cherries, but it's tarry and gaseous, slight farts... I'm worried. Palate is better than expected given the nose, sugary, with different and rotating unique spices. Tobacco and leather too. Finish is quite lengthy. A bit of a challenging malt in an oddly-spicy way.
Nose of pure, rich malt with a pinch of dried fruit.
The palate is also malt forward with sweet grassy notes, fruit cocktail syrup and perhaps just a touch of sherry or sweet wine.
The finish is sweet and malty with fruit.
Really enjoyable and wonderfully drinkable.
This is light one.
Good amount of maltiness in the nose with hay, citrus and tea like qualities.
Gets more oily on the palate with licorice and burnt toast.
Finishes with a bit of fruit.
Caramel, chocolate, and coffee - along with pleasant sweetness, spice, and other fleeting notes of "what-was-that?" Somewhat special and definitely unique. Yum!
Grassy. Rotten Pear.
Not bad at all, but a tad weird.
Nose of dried apricots, with mild background spices, white wine, and some soap. Palate is spicy-fruity-mild, lightly sweet. Finish is medium-short and the same, with added bitterness and soap. There's not much going on here that's good, and some things that are definitely bad.
Grassy, rotten pear.
Nose burns - add water!
With water the nose is floral with some soft fruits in the mix.
Apples.
Palate is easy and weaker than expected/hoped without much complexity.
Some wood resin and a mintiness than came through towards the end.
Finish is numbing and a bit sweet/sugary.
Almost made the B but the lack of complexity kept it from making it a notch higher.
Nose is bright and fruity, with melon - cantaloupe - and citrus candy. In the palate, floral notes become more apparent. Mildly sweet, mildly fruity, with citrus/melon again. Now I taste honeydew. And whisky. Finish is medium-short and the same, with a little soap. Sort of a fun, simple, fruity Scotch. A sit-by-the-pool whisky.
The nose is sweet and chocolaty with some maple syrup and light anise notes. The palate is rich with dark chocolate, polished wood and a slight medicinal note. The finish a slightly bitter oak note. A bit of water brings out some sweetness and medicinal notes.
Tasted at a bacon bacon event, so I won't bother with notes.
A rich and deep nose - notably with maple and halvah. Palate is rich and deep as well, with the sort of spiciness that I'd associate with a high rye content. The finish is on the hot side, but it goes on very, very long. The rough edges of youth keep the palate from being as fully enjoyable as it could be.
Smoky nose. On the palate the smoke continues, like a beach fire, along with some mild sweetness and other dimensions in small amounts. Finishes the same at length. Not a lot going on besides the smoke.
Very smoky and salty with a sweetness that balances it out.
Raw and medicinal.
Nose is fruity, with sweat, some rubber wisps, plums, artificial blueberry, apricots, smoke wisps, and dust. Palate is kinda smooth and kinda oily, with lighter flavors of mixed fruits, and a perfect level of sweetness. It's a much less complex flavor than I'd expect from what the nose advertised, but still tasty. Very drinkable. Finish continues the theme at medium-length, with light spice, and the slightest trace of smoke in the tails. If this still existed at the original price, it would be a great all-purpose single malt.
Predominantly lavender/lilacs and soap on the nose and palate.
But there was faint hints of peaches and sherry.
Entirely drinkable and pleasant, with that quality of "cask-strength lightness" and smoke. Meaning, it's spicy/smokey but not particularly complex, though somewhat light and enjoyable, with a butt-kicking ABV taste. After hearing that this was well-reviewed, I drank a good amount more at length, but didn't find the magic for me. Good though.
Yellow gold color. Rich smokey nose with some sweet elements. The palate has big flavor with some oak, chili pepper and some soap. The finish is fantastic and long. Overall an intriguing drink.
Displays the characteristic Bowmore qualities of smoke and maritime notes. Complexity and distinctiveness.
Mostly peat in the nose, but on the palate it's hot, but the peat and sherry are both prominent and very well-balanced. Not many secondary flavors, but quite enjoyable.
My first impression was that the sherry was not well integrated and almost seemed artificial.
However, as I polished off the bottle over the course of a few weeks, I grew to like this whiskey immensely.
Traditional Bowmore character combines with robust dried fruit for a really tasty and enjoyable whisky. Smoke, earth, dried fruits, spice, the whole shebang with varied complexity and a long finish.
Decent nose. Otherwise, very poor, garbage-y taste...
I've had different bottlings of this and some have had lots FWP but I've also had some that were very nice.
Nose is mossy, licorice; strong marijuana-like taste; dried berry finish; strange and messy.
Smells like crap, awful taste, awful nose.
Smells like licorice and fish.
I don't want it ever again. Like doody and cherries.
Smells like weed.
Palate is smoky, then rancid. Very unique. Totally awful taste and smell, and yet interesting. Musky finish.
I actually like it.
Smoke! Unpleasant yet pleasant, strange. Better than the sum of its parts.
So I'm reading my tasting card and it says "mildly vaginal" - that's it.
So, yeah.
This had some similarities to the "Corpse" 21 year that set this down a few levels.
The palate was not as perfumed as the nose and this got some wildly divergent ratings.
For me it was drinkable but with some less serious flaws that made it not worthy of a higher grade.
The nose is cool, wet peat and coal.
The palate is Bowmore perfume with a hint of smoke.
Not much to this one, I'm afraid.
Wet socks, plants, blue cheese. Funky finish. But oddly refreshing.
Peat smoke announcement in the nose. Smoke dominates the palate, though a somewhat milder type of smoke. It's rounded out with malty/spice/sweet flavors. This continues into the medium-long finish. In some ways this is essentially a less "offensive" replacement for the 17 year. Overall, a good peated malt, and it grows on me the more I drink. Yum.
Grapefruit and lavender.
Fruit tree blossoms and loads of salty new brine.
The peat has gone weak and subdued but is still there in the background.
Liked this a ton for its unusual style.
Unbelievable fruit on the nose - peach, grapefruit. The fruit isn't nearly as strong on the palate, instead it is light, sweet and malty. Not a lot of Bowmore characteristics, but an excellent whisky with a memorable nose.
Dried and ripe tropical fruit goodness: cherry, black berry hard candy, white peach, white grape, pineapple, mango, kumquat and banana. There is some earthiness here alongside sweetness of honey and caramel. Some toffee, peanut brittle and hints of warm peat as well. Amazing stuff!
Remarkably one of my more highly rated Signatory bottles.
Tis was all sherry until the peat came through.
The oak really didn't take over considering how old this is.
The power was great and very sharp in contrasting complexity.
Hard to find fault in words here but it doesn't hold up top some of the deeper bottles.
Rich, caramel and salt, and tons of sherry. The peat/smoke is secondary, but the intensity of the flavors for a 35 y/o scotch is remarkable. Very good.
Rich, sherried old-style Bowmore character and lots of it. Sherry dominates, with smoke aspects as a quick second. And there's a minty-like, shiso-leaf aspect as well. This is beaten by the 1971 distillery bottling. Wish it were cheaper!
Toasted malt with iodine, wheat, lots of sherry and a yeastiness to it.
Floral sweetness that's present but not overwhelming.
A nice syrupy long finish.
Nose of sherry, molasses and butterscotch.
Palate smoky malt and fruity syrup, wood, not overwhelming at first but it soon becomes something fantastic.
Amazing finish lasts so so long.
It'd be great if the palate had some extra dimensions to it.
Worth every penny?
Doubtful.
Is it ridiculously good, yes.
Nice and smokey, very sweet on the palate but crisp in body.
Reminds me a bit of PC5, less briny than the typical Bowmore.
Very enjoyable.
Sweet lavender.
Nose was fresh air on laundry.
The taste and finish were consistently lavender-pine soap.
The soapiness was not so pronounced as other soapy scotches which saves this malt.
The strength of the spice cranks up after a few seconds... As if someone holds the last note of a power ballad and turns the volume up to 11 briefly.
The lavender pine isn't offensive, but is different enough that you have to consider whether you like where it's taking you.
The nose on this is very light with some sherry and smoke coming in later.
The palate is heavy on the fragrant, floral perfume notes.
It starts out quite sweet but turns bitter toward the end.
Smoke dominates the finish.
This one just doesn't come together well and there's that undesirable Bowmore perfume on the palate.
Too intense?
Maybe.
Unfortunately this was sherry and peat that didn't marry - they stayed together for so many years and fought.
You end up with an angry couple living in the same house.
Typical sherry nose, buttered apple taste initially which then disperses and doesn't leave much. Has a warm, mid-length, sweet finish.
An oily band-aid.
Band-aids and antiseptic, iodine, a nice medical peat, it's trying to be the 17 year but doesn't quite clear the bar.
Smoke cocoa-bitterness, odd phenols, spice, medicinal. Sort of interesting and sort of oddly-tasty... Not unlike a number of Bowmores out there.
Chimney smoke in the nose, a little musty, sorta acrid. Slight hint of cheap pork hot dog. Palate... Smoke is here as expected, moderately sweet with a little bubblegum in the background. Nicely peated stuff if not remarkable.
Chili pepper. Spicey peat.
Very meaty! As in smokey charred cuts of meat sitting on a BBQ grill. The smokiness on this is more of the ashy type. There smoke carries through on the palate along with winey notes and anise.
I did get some sherry notes but they were faint.
I was hoping for a bigger sherry influence that would balance out the smokey aspects.
Nose is salty and medicinal, hint of clove, fatty and waxy. Monsterpeat balanced with monster sweetness, the sherry has contributed a lot of sugar but not much else, but that may be a good thing.
Really enjoyable, can't stop at just one glass.
This bottle is gonna go fast!!
Musty old closet from the nose to the palate.
Interesting departure for a Bowmore.
Innoffensive, but not really newsworthy.
All smoke on the nose.
The palate evinces strong smoke with a subtle floral background.
The strong smoky notes make it much closer in character to a south shore Islay but for the brief floral notes.
A bold Bowmore.
This is classic bacon grease peat with burnt brown sugar and a heavy warmth that says welcome home on a cold afternoon.
Great stuff.
Smells like smoked pork. Hickory and pine fire. Palate is nicely smokey with equally fruity stuff. Nice level of sweetness plays well off the smoke. Yum!!
Sweet and sugary nose, the cask finish is more prevalent than the Bowmore, but very interesting. Not as much so on the palate, initially sweet fruit, and just a hint of peat during the finish. This is a combination that could be quite good if a bit more of the Bowmore was evident, as it just doesn't quite work here.
Spicy and rich. Kind of a cross between a sherry/madiera/port finish.
Beautiful honeysuckle perfume. Watermelon jolly rancher.
Nose is sweet grassy goodness with little to no peat.
Palate is very fruity and has a sweet busquits/earthy component that rounds it out nicely.
Finish is medium to short.
I liked it a lot but I could have used some more peat... If there was any.
Nose of deep sherry and Hobbit Hole. The palate is fruitier than you'd expect from the nose, and a bright sort of citrusy and "happy" fruit. Yum! It's a very savory kind of flavor, with grapey berry madness mixed in. Light smoke shows in the finish with some salt. A whisky with fun complexity.
Nose of peppermint candy and wet earth. Palate of sourdough and paint. Finish is salty and spicy. The finish is clearly Bowmore. Not so peaty though.
Peat, sherry, and salt meld together to form a different whisky all together, cherry metholyptus whisky perfection.
In a meeting of superstars this was the brightest, not because the peat or sherry stood out, but because they didn't.
Definition of well integrated and balanced.
I was carrying this bottle around with me at the end of the Islay and Sherry meeting.
This was just a cask gone wrong. It sucks because I've had other Bow 21's that have been pretty freaking awesome with more vibrant lighter sherry notes.
Yeah... It has already been said better than I can.
WTF?
Think of opening the air valve on an inflatable swimming pool plastic ring... That was blown up by a sweaty carny with really bad breath... It was worse.
Bowmore perfume is one of those elements I am super sensitive to and this one is a perfume monster.
It's lighter on the nose but then keeps creeping and is big on the palate with its strong, overly floral flavors. I'm glad they appear to have exhausted the whisky from this era.
One of my all-time favorites.
Not "too" anything, just all around goodness.
Splendidly drinkable. Smooth deliciousness with hint of smoke.
This is f***ing delightful.
Deeeeeep and rich malt with a hint of chocolate.
A little gunpowder on the nose along with orange rind and brine.
Restrained peat and smoke combines with excellent sweet fruit.
Very tasty.
I don't know what it is about these ceramic Bowmores that just bore the hell out of me. Meh.
Massively drinkable stuff that improves on every sip. Citrusy and moderately sherried, with similarities to the bottling that replaced it, though I like that one better. This is quite good, though, with a great balance. Seems that 46% would have been a better choice for bottling, though.
Tart citrus and chalk dust in the nose.
Tea and minerals in the palate.
Not too smokey or peaty.
Nose of sweet, salty caramel. Warm, peat, sweet and salty. Very smooth, quite good.
Rockin' good tropical fruits and salty greatness.
This was bright and popping and really was almost refreshing.
Terrific smoky sweetness that screams old and Bowmore but so much more enjoyable than the average sherried Bowmore.
The nose on this has light, sweet sherry with smoke coming in waves.
The palate puts the smoke in the forefront with a sherry background, and that smoke lasts into the finish.
This is beautifully balanced what with the nose leading with sherry and the palate leading with smoke; a sophisticated interchange of flavors takes place from nose to finish.
It's fun to drink!
Nose starts with old bananas and peat. Then it turns to BBQ sauce, onion rings - like a Carls' Jr. Western bacon burger. Wow, that's good. The palate is salty roasted nuts, just like a good Bowmore should be. And the finish turns to lemon drops. I think I may have to buy a bottle.
Almonds, butter, bitter wood finish. New make-y.
Nose says sherry for sure, with spice cake, gingerbread, briney stuff, and a hint of body odor. Palate delivers on this, with molasses, and just a suggestion of smoke. Something skunky pokes its head in here and there. Pretty dry yet in no way overly tannic. What's most impressive about this is the combination of how richly flavored it is, yet it's just so easily drinkable. Big complexity with big drinkability.
Sherry... Yum.
Nose of very ripe fruits, wax, berries and lead.
Palate is very buttery with prunes, raisins, tobacco and black coffee grind.
Ends with a nice long finish of licorice and smoke.
Lots of grapes in the nose with lavender and peat.
Floral soapiness and perfumey on the palate.
Mostly smoke on the nose here, but mostly perfume on the palate.
There's not a lot of wine on this despite its Bordeaux cask.
One of the better of the "perfumed" Bowmores I've had, but still a perfumed Bowmore, which is not my favorite flavor profile.
Smokey perfume and an obvious wine cask involved.
This reminded me of a weak malt that was finished in an active cask for a short time.
The wine just didn't work well.
Still, nice for what it is supposed to be.
The nose is of the sea and the coast, smoke, and peat the screams Islay. Palate is sweet, rich, complex and smoky. Finish continues pleasantly and is almost long, with salt.
Nose of smoke, cherries, and rubbery notes, with a tinge of bacon. Palate: see nose. Thick and rather sherried Bowmore, fills the mouth with lots of dried fruits decently balanced against the peat. Finish leaves mainly lingering smoke. It's tasty and not without complexity, yet not unusual or particularly memorable for me. As I drink it, it keeps improving, growing to a medium-sweetness level with the rubberyness mostly fading. Good stuff that I do enjoy drinking.
Light golden color. The nose is peaty, smoky, grainy, musty and smells like an old attic. I thought the nose was actually interesting, but on the palate it was thin and peaty. Weak finish.
Nose is gentle but definite with wood smoke, tar, and BBQ smells. Some cedar too. Palate is quite smokey and sweet, with some chocolate notes. Salt enters after a moment. The whisky gets dryer in the lengthy finish... And salty! There's also some harsher aspects that show here, and they detract a bit. But for this price, this as a great buy for a peated, tasty single malt.
The nose is a still room with peppermint and paint. The palate is much sweeter with some spiced cider flavors. The finish has lots of salt and limoncello. For $20, great everyday Islay whisky.
Nose of peat and rubbing alcohol. Mixed feelings.
Feels thin and almost peat finished. I can never get into this one no matter how much I want to.
This is tarry and rubbery but its kind of nice.
Not offensive as there is a candied sweetness that compliments.
Crisp clean peat and nice maritime notes follow on the palate.
Has an exotic mintyness that hits at full speed and distinguishes itself from all other scotch. Has a nice finish if you move it to the roof of your mouth.
Quite a syrupy texture. Though that would seem to advertise intense sweetness, this is mildly so, with blackberry/prunes/dried fruit flavors in the mouth-coating palate. An enjoyable glass.
Tasted blind, I immediatly recognized this funky taste as a young Bowmore, but the stong fruitiness I couldn't figure out.
It doesn't have the usual over-ripe taste that I typically dislike in Port.
At firstwierd and unpleasant, then massively enjoyable.
I can see this getting a wide range of ratings.
Nose of honey, hayfields, and orange candies. The palate has a really great, refreshing feel to it that's tricky to describe - flowery and grassy, with cinnamon, allspice, and touches of cayenne. Though I can't recall ever actually chewing a mouthful of hay, this might in ways approximate it. But there are also hints of sesame oil and other Asian sauces... Very interesting complexity going on here. Cask-strength intensity drives all these flavors home, and/but I feel no need to add water. It's rather dry altogether, and dries more in the finish - and even though I usually don't prefer whiskies this dry, this one doesn't bother me at all. It's just got some really unique flavors going on - with of course defy my descriptive abilities - and those are the best part. Please use your time machines to retrieve more of this for me.
Mild sweetness and fruity, fruity, fruity. One of the most bubblegummy fruity whiskies I've had to date. Water brings out Honey-Nut Cheerios and changes the profile without diminishing the enjoyment. It could be smoother, but I like this one a lot.
Oaky and fruity malt nose, more of the same on the palate, long and crisp finish.
At it's best it's like tasting a flowery spring day. Perfume and honeysuckle. In can be finicky and hard to find the sweet spot however. I've had great luck with this following an Islay. Also, adding just the right amount of water is critical in opening it up.
This smells like a high rye bourbon with strong briny/minty rye notes. The palate follows suit with lots of mint and spice rounded out by some sweet caramel notes and a tinge of banana, like a good Bananas Foster. The finish is spicy/briny.
Absolutely spectacular rich cola color. The nose is not as complex as some of the other bottlings, but it has things I really like with a very interesting wood and sherry combination. On the tongue it is as rich as the color and nose would indicate. What was on the nose expands in the mouth to a forest of different types of woods with my whole spice cabinet dumped in. The finish - wow, just decadent.
Noses of peat, sherry and resinous wood. The sherry fruits come in form of dark ripe fruit: figs, grapes, blue berry, black berry, and strawberry. It wonderfully compliments the dark smoky camphor aspects. Added depth from black coffee, wet clay and wax. An enveloping deliciously balanced nose. Sticky oily texture that coats the mouth and palate. Starts with camphor smoke and leads way into dark coffee/tea and black licorice. Peat, nougat, and fudge along with bright tangy fruit emerge in the midpalate: raspberry, cherry and black berry. Finishes with lingering waxy bitterness of grapefruit skin and dark coffee.
Very similar to its sister cask, 1424, but slightly less bright and punchy.
Cinnamon, cloves, solvent.
The nose on this is quite fruity with pears.
The Palate is even fruitier with a big fruit, followed by wisps of smoke.
Nicely done and very solid.
Floral nose with honeysuckle and Jolly Rancher Watermelon.
Palate is sweet and floral.
Smooth.
Jolly Rancher Watermelon flavor still poking through, really interesting, esepcially in the finish, where herbs and rosemary join.
Floral, honeysuckle nose. A sweet whisky, with just enough bite and a short, pleasant finish. There's really nothing too substantial going on, but rather tasty.
Floral. A good subtle sweetness. Worthy of being in a collection based on it's uniqueness.
Sweet nose with notes of honey and fruit.
Nice complicated/pleasant taste.
Very unique and pleasant.
Gotta love a Brora with a fruity nose, compliments the peat so nicely.
Rubbery, spicy peat, pretty damn tasty.
Finishes with excellent sweetness, and a floral note on the nose.
If you got the budget, a real nice Brora.
Retaste: Much more floral on the second try.
Nose is hot! Dried fruit and paint. Plate is hot! Spice and not much else, but good to drink. Finish is quick, but it is a good strong drink. I like it.
Smokey sweet delight!
So sad that this stuff isn't around any more... But hey, they still have Clyelish, right?
This is great fruity aged nectar.
Loads of sweets and just enough darker notes mixed well with that old, musty leather/rubbery notes.
Really great stuff... As many old Broras are.
Syrupy honey, sweet, rich bourbon.
Nose of spice and smooth raisins and dark cherries and fruits.
Palate is hotter with chocolates and a fruity darkness that fits so well.
Longer than meduium finish on raisins and chocolates.
The nose on this had light peat up front; the palate had a very nice balance of peat, fruit and malt and it finished with peat and mint.
This was a nice representation of the three major elements of Clynelish/Brora: fruit, malt and peat. Nicely done.
Nose: Thick, chocolate and orange peel.
Palate: oooh it's like a day on the beach, candied, and infused with alcohol.
Nice spicy, peppery finish is a lipsmacker.
Yeah. I had this among many others, but kept coming back. The wonderful Brora salt and mustard seem second fiddle to the sweet flavors here. Sherry did it well. Have to agree: pina colada. Add to that some complex smoke and earth flavors. Wonderful combo. Give me more of this!
A beautiful nose of light sherry and spice; subtle. The palate is a bit less complex than I'd hoped for given the nose. Very sweet with sherry up front and malt in the background, a slight bitterness on the finish. This is definitely one of the sweetest Broras I've had, but I fear the sherry has dominated the subtlety of the spirit.
Minty wintergreen, sweet and floral.
The finish is fleeting, but it's a yummy malt.
Very faint nose. Floral yet malty with a touch of iodine and corn. Toffees and vanillas on the palate followed by waxy citrus notes. The finish is peated and smoky.
Nose of smoke, fruit, perfume. Palate has a heavy dose of smoke with some sweetness. A long, smoky finish. Adding water brings out the malt; hey, it tastes like Clynelish now. One of my favorite Broras.
Ripe fruits alongside warm peat. A good amount of medicinal stuff here as well. Tangy fruit and citrus are more apparent on the palate. Leaves a smoky yet waxy finish.
N: Huge, iodine, peat. T: PEAT. F: A little hot, peat, caramel. Long finish. O: Well above average peat heavy scotch.
N: Smoky, campfire. P: Peaty. T: Peaty, warm, good.
Peat, smoke, sugar. Well balanced. Good! Tasted blind, I thought this was perhaps Laphroiag Cask Strength. Upon reveal, I was surprised that a 30 year whiskey did not have the additional level of depth and complexity I would have expected. A good whisky, but overhyped and not worth the price. I don't think the last 15 years in the barrel improved it much.
Peaty nose, like smelling a campfire that smells like scotch. Smoke flavor. Overwhelming peat. My kind of smoky drink.
This is Ardbeggy! I think smoother than the 10. Spicier than Laphroaig Cask Strength.
Buttery tequila nose. Taste - Eh. Finish – Eh.
Fire taste, turpentine on nose.
Nose has too much nail polish remover. Palate: Oily, malty. Finish is malty. Not a huge fan, and I enjoy this less than when I first tried it a couple years ago. Gotta downgrade.
Nose is tequila. Taste is fiery, burn. Finish is wine-like.
Nose: Gas, turpentine. Buttery, oily, boozy taste. Finish: Not much there. Overall: Above average, lightly peated, sipping scotch.
Nose: Rice wine. Smokey body. Unremarkable finish.
Nose: Rotten Tequila. Taste: Alcohol. Finish: Alcohol.
Nose of oats, bread, vanilla notes. Palate is very light, malty, slightly tangy, with spice. Lightly sweet. Finish is medium-length. This is okay but rather run-of-the-mill. But okay.
Nose is a bit sour to me, but recovers nicely on the palate with some citrusy spice and dark berry notes.
Delicious yummyness.
Although the sweet palate could use some complexity and greater body, as you keep drinking it you kind of realize, this stuff is really good.
Finish keeps you coming back for more.
Light fruity nose, floral notes, nice burn.
Quite refreshing.
Pleasant fruity nose.
Solid scotch taste with a bit of sweetness.
Warm enjoyable finish.
Simple but likeable.
This strikes me as just a traditional bourbon cask flavor without much roundness, depth, or character. Just a slight sweetness, and I don't detect any unique or noticeable influence from the d'Yquem. But, fine and tasty.
Yum! Reminiscent of the 'Laddie 15 First Edition, but better. Caramel, vanilla, fruity wisps. Medium-bodied. Great long scotchy finish. More, please!
Nose of sherry and port, and Fig Newtons. Tinges of smoke and sulfur. The palate is less exciting than the nose advertised, though good. Sweet and peppery, with plums, sherry, and dried random fruits. Mint emerges in the medium-long finish. This could use more dimension, but it's tasty, and I like it.
Nose of sherry, dried fruits, raisins, and hints of steak seasoning. On the palate, this is delicious. Quite sweet, rich, and deep with good sherry, spice, and toffee. Chewy and hearty. Long finish. This shares many similar characteristics with the Blacker Still. A sherry monster that could use more dimensions, but what's here is super-tasty. On a later retaste, The Duke mentioned gunpowder... That's a spot-on call, it permeates the whole experience.
Nose is a combo of lemon cake and some spirituous notes, flames the nostrils.
Although a bit hot, there's a real enjoyable vanilla creme thang going on here.
Finishes hot as well, but another sip gives a moments relief.
Dirty bathwater.
Nose of vanilla beans and hay. Dry palate with a light fruity iced tea.
Had this after a number of darker/deeped sherried Islays and it was refreshing... I enjoyed it but still not really great by any means.
Finish was short.
Nose was of a still room. Palate was sweet, but not a good sweetness, like bad white zin. Finish was tart and bitter.
Light golden hue. Woody and sweet. Nice. Very satisfying draw.
Smells like rose water.
Palate is malty and fruity with citrus notes, caramel, salt, and a touch of lavender in the finish.
Very drinkable and tasty.
Yummy and peaty! Sweet and well-balanced too. I like this a ton.
Medicinal notse, but not overpowering.
Mellow start.
Silky-smooth then a bit harsh.
Bright, pure smoke.
A three-minute, great finish.
Mild upfront with a sharp tinge of peat towards the end. Finish is medicinal.
Nose is leathery and smoky.
Taste is burnt sharpness - it doesn't last, but is smooth.
Finish of cigar smoke... This whole whisky is very cigar-like.
Nose like a fresh mountain breeze.
Traditional Islay taste.
Well balanced, but there is little more than that.
Nose of peat and lemons.
The palate is freakin' peaty!
Finish smoky, long, and a bit hot.
Woody.
Fiery finish, but smooth going down.
Not so classy, but occasionally has its moments.
Faint yellow color. Very raw and grainy nose, that is compelling and inviting. The palate is unique and has a really nice pop to it. The finish is exceptional and gives a good mouthfeel, enveloping the entire back of my mouth/throat. Lots of oak and cereal. I waffled for awhile on how much I liked this one and eventually gave it a nod toward really liking it. There is something about it that really draws me in and wants me to take more and more.
Nose is dry sherry or port with some plums and raisins. It really retains that dry wine note on the palate. There are port like flavors and even some Zinfandel and other tannic red wines with just a slight bit of sweetness. As you sip on, there are layers of flavors here that include chocolate, orange and a bit of tin; the mouthful is syrupy. The finish is all port. It's and interesting mix of wine flavors that shows great promise, but it's a bit flat on the palate; a hint more sweetness would add some needed depth. Still, I keep drinking this and chewing over the flavor; it's definitely holding my interest.
As you might expect, the nose has deep sherry notes. The palate is sweet sherry with a touch of sulfur. There's all kinds of fruit in here: raisins, dark cherries, figs - delicious stuff. The finish is dessert sweet. This is a big old sherry bomb. For a legendary bottling, I didn't find it particularly complex, but it's wonderfully drinkable.
Rich chocolate and sherry nose.
Wonderful. Complex taste - sherry, malt, peat, smoke, and a bit of citrus in the finsh.
Happy.
Happy.
Happy.
Wow. Possibly the best I've ever had. Nice full-bodied, caramel taste, plenty of smoke, and an easy, smooth finish.
The nose is clean and malty with perfume notes and canned fruit salad. The palate has lots of sweet malt with some peppery notes and then some nice peat notes. The finish is lightly peated. This is a whisky with strong malt notes and a nice, light touch of peat.
Malty nose, full bodied smokefading into sugar, needs a bit of water to cool the finish.
Smoky peppery taste with a hot spicy finish.
After adding a lot of water, I enjoyed it.
Too hot to fully enjoy but good.
I found it fruity/sweet in the nose, sweet/nutty/peppery on the palate, with a peppery finish with hints of smoke.
A very well balanced whisky - the medium-sweetness and peat play off each other very, very well. And the peat is there and noticeable, yet not overpoweringly so - it's at a level that's enough to qualify this as a party/cocktail/marathon whisky. Pleasantly peated whisky, and very solid.
Notable sweetness and prominent spice. Black pepper. Medium-bodied. Good, long finish.
Mostly green apples, paraffin wax and chalk on the nose and palate with licorice and citrus peel to the finish.
The nose has a nice wood-in-a-damp-cellar air to it.
This malt was weak and fleeting. There was an interesting sweet to bitter transition with a hint of what the nose covered, but the whole experience lasted one second and reminded me of scotch watered down to 20%. Why this is highly rated I don't know. Perhaps the other reviewers like weak scotch. Drop any digit from the price and you'll have what I think it's worth.
Tasty. Nice round palate of dried fruits and berries, medium-to-full bodied.
Noticeably sweet nose. I thought it was almost-rich, meaning almost full-bodied. I liked it.
Nose is a light lemon bar aroma. The palate has a little orange rind, a little salt, a little peat. Takes a while for the peat to come through. The finish is citrus and rhubarb. Nice light whisky, easy to drink and enjoy. Good afternoon or aperitif malt.
Vanilla and bathwater.
A zesty nose full of toffee, oranges, lemons. Palate delivers on that in a really tasty way. Mildly sweet. Medium-levels of nondescript spices come and go. Nice.
Light and candylike.
Almost too light, though.
Disapointing in its faintness.
Nose is jammy, raisins and figs, cherry.
Mmm.
Big roasted sherry flavor, rich.
Finishes dry, long, and woody.
A sweetness on the end would have sent it into the A range.
But very good.
The nose is very herbal, with some rye, pine/fir notes, even some thyme and oregano.
The palate is sweet malt forward with lots of spice and less herbal than the nose suggests.
It ends with light sherry notes which carry into the finish.
Very drinkable.
The nose has sherry-like characteristics and veers towards orangey, with marshmallow aspects. The palate is smooth and silky, medium-bodied, very grape, with nondescript other dried fruits. The flavors peak in the long finish, with mixed spices emerging to the forefront, and I get very fleeting wisps of mintyness. All-in-all, this is somewhat of a mishmash of milder and drier berry/fruit flavors, and though it's definitely tasty, there's nothing here to shout about. Given the predecessor I had hoped for a much bigger dose of "something." But it's good and very drinkable whisky, and I'd enjoy killing a bottle of this.
The nose on this is malt and fruit juice with some light peat. The palate begins with a pure, sweet, malty flavor with some grass then some slight sherry. Midpalate the peat sets in. For a fairly light peating level, the peat is noticeable throughout, though it doesn't dominate. Malt is the key characteristic here. It's not an overly complex malt, but not an unpleasant one either. A good, light drinker.
Nose: Some sort of industrial solvent.
Initally good and tasty, but finishes like an ashtray.
Entirely average in a don't-prefer-it way.
Smells like rye.
Copper taste.
Scotchy and metallic finish.
Spicynose, but something wrong, metallic, weird.
Not my bag.
Unpleasant nose, with hints of rye. Metallic, ash-y taste. It's not flat-out bad, as it has some character, but definitely not good or enjoyable.
Very spirity.
Burning alcohol, acetone and oak.
A bit of banana sweetness in the back.
Tastes of cough syrup and oak. Lightly sweet fruit finish.
Nose of vanilla, flour, pears and notes of chocolate. Palate is sweet with continuing bakery influences, pleasant spice, and clove hints. This finishes with more of the same in a short-medium length. Complexity develops on the palate with a convergence of sweet fruit notes and shifting warm spices.
Copper and spice, bit o' toffee, medium dry. Initial impression was better, but by the end of the glass I was tired of it.
Disappointing.
Not much dimension.
Certainly drinkable but eh.
Disappointingly average. Decent nose, light sweetness, light color. Just not much going on once it hits the palate. Much like the rest of this experience, an average finish.
Nose is "turpentiney." Very strong. I smell a hint of banana. The taste is aggressive and angry. This is not a contemplative whiskey. Halfway through the glass, it started tasting more and more like RUM. This is an acquired taste, but I'm not sure I'm looking to acquire it.
Not enough peat.
Too much like a dessert wine.
Big Bit o' Honey nose. Rich vanilla and toffee, a super-really-inviting nose - dare I say it's luxurious. Palate, ooh, that's really nice, though a little too much heat for 45% creeps in and stays through the finish. Deliciously delivers on the nose, vanilla, caramel, toffee, honey-peanut, cinnamony spices, yum. Very good stuff.
Huge spicy rye nose.
Oak much?
Yeah, that's a chewy, oaky palate, way beyond its age.
Polished wood and Bourbon goodness.
Great stuff.
Nose is sweeter and inviting, raisins, cotton candy, cinnamon, chicken stock. Palate is kinda nice if not a lot going on. Finish has something sweaty in it near the end, but I kinda like it.
The nose on this is similar to a rye recipe bourbon, sweet and spicy, though there is also a bit of a plastic note. The palate starts off with medicinal notes which yield to a bitterness that lasts into the finish. I have to say this one is not very good. I would never guess that it was oats, but the bitter notes don't do it any favors. Still, it's not horrible. I've had much, much worse, but it's certainly flawed.
The first whiff is a clean, clear rye, much like the standard Sazerac, which yields to just a touch of fruit mixed in to the rye spice. The flavor is what grabs you right away. There is plenty of rye, but with a sweet, fruity note from the dessert wine, very unlike the sweetness you traditionally get from the corn in rye whiskey. Each sip is a mouthful of contrasting flavors - spicy and sweet, dry and fruity, whiskey and wine in perfect balance. The party continues into the finish. It's hard to believe that the few months this whiskey spent in the wine casks is enough to have such a pronounced influence on its character, but it can't be denied.
Great stuff.
The nose on this is soft and mellow, very typical of wheated Bourbons, but with just a hint of rye spice. As with the Party Source's Rye 'n Barrel, the flavor is unique. From each sip, I get different elements of the constituent grains. When it hits the tongue, I get sweet corn, followed by a distinct rye spice. Throughout, there is an underlying flavor from the wheat. The corn and the rye may be more immediately discernible, but the inner Weller is always there, and after a few drinks, it tastes more of wheated Bourbon than rye. Adding water brings the wheat even more to the forefront, but the rye spice still kicks in on the finish. This is another terrific, innovative whiskey from The Party Source.
The nose has barrel char, vanilla and bay.
The palate is sweet and spicy all at once, well balanced corn and rye notes that last into the finish. Very solid.
Kind of light with mild fruity notes. Basically one note the whole way through, except some falling-apart in the finish.
Very simple, one-note bourbon - but a good note. Kinda hot, rye-like, vanilla and oak, little sweetness. But for $20 who would complain?
Nose is light honey comb cereal. The palate is butter and vanilla with a little mint. The finish is clean and short. Good light aperitif.
Perhaps it's unfair to taste this sandwiched between two glasses of Highland Park 18, but it really just doesn't compare.
There were defintely some good things in there, but also a coupleodd notes thatI couldn't quite identify.
Boo! I'm not generally a fan of Bunnahabhain, so take this for what it's worth, but this only passes because I followed it with the 25 which was worse.
Nose of caramel, and rather farty - fartiness does not always designate a bad thing... Some farts are great! And that's the case with Bunna 18. The medium-bodied and smooth palate is caramel, caramel, caramel. Yum!
Heavily-sherried Bunnas aren't exactly a rarity, and many are good, but this exemplifies just how fantastic they can be. A great sherry complexity, dried fruits of all kinds as you'd imagine, mild sweetness, light spice, lengthy finish. Rather "purple" tasting. The flavors aren't as intense overall as one might wish for, but that adds to the huge drinkability of this excellent malt.
Red sherry color. The nose has Christmas spices and peppered oak. The palate is yummy with subtle cherry/strawberry lolipop flavors, obvious sherried oak influences. It leaves my mouth with that dry feeling you sometimes get after drinking wine. This goes down very easy.
A classic, weathered, sherry-bomb pleaser. Restrained tannins play nicely off the deep dried fruity stuff. Seems less than 59.3%. Cocoa, dates. Water opens up even more deliciousness. Whisky for a gentleman's library.
A great clean sherry nose and palate.
Lots of dark fruits accompanied by leather, tobacco and some smoke.
Nose of wood stain and solvent, with hints of something lemony, airplane glue, and sawdust. Palate is mildly sweet, rather nutmeggy, with something herbal and grassy. Nice oak comes through in the long finish, with the nutmeg still notably here. After this breathes for a little while, coffee appears. I didn't peg this as a Bunnahabhain when I tried it, and it's not typical of those I've tasted - certainly not the core range and 25. A somewhat typical lots-of-years-on-it spicy bourbon-cask number, though the intensity of flavor takes it out of the "purely typical" category. Likeable enough.
I am not a Bunni fan so this was a shocker... Sweet grasses and something mossy.
Light peat and nice sherry raising with something that reminds me of chocolate but is not classic choclate notes.
Very nice... Long and sweet finish.
Intense sherry in the nose. On the palate is, unsurprisingly and pleasingly, complex deep beries, dried fruits, and tinges of smoke. The finish is surprising and turns minty, with hops! I like this.
Nose is maraschino cherry, sherry. Palate is hot! Figs and dates. Finish is minty. Quite nice.
Sweet candied nose.
Melted marshmallow, parrafin wax, caramel chew, and charred black toast.
Palate retains the sweetness with sherry, heather and toffee.
The sherry was more of a tropical preserved fruit profile as opposed to the big dark red fruit and chocolate sherry stuff. But some sherry funk does appear toward the finish along with hints of peat.
Wow, funky nose, like mint cherry chocolate cake with some motor oil.
Palate is rich burnt sherry with gamy venison notes.
This is the first Bunna that's really interested me.
Bakery/vanilla nose and palate. Moderately strong spice throughout. Long and mild finish. Tasty and very drinkable.
This is heavily sherried.
YAY!
But the sherry has a funk to it. BOO! Mostly burnt caramel and prunes with a short finish.
A bit winey too.
This is a chunky sherried beast.
Got some deep wood spice on the palate, meaty BBQ on the nose, and a bit of sulfur in the finish.
Light-yet-fulfilling honey sweetness, with cinnamon spice, and a little smoke. Vanilla and ginger too. Finish is medium-to-long and continues this yummy theme. All-purpose, tasty whisky.
Nose is spiritous with vanilla. The palate is very light and malty. The malt especially picks up in the medium-long finish - that Whoppers kind of malted-milk-balls flavor. An enjoyable if not remarkable glass of Irish whisky.
Very grassy and malty with some vanillas and nuts.
Very Irish even though a Single Malt.
Different for Bushmills and a bit better.
Much sweeter with darker fruity notes and drinkable.
I like the sherry influence with the sweeter Irish blend.
The nose is inviting, with strong vanilla. Lesser scents of something sweet and oatmeal - and a slight tinge of paint thinner. The palate is tasty. Cinnamon notes and the Quaker Oats thing is noticeable in the background. The finish is kind of hot, and continues the previous flavors at medium-long length. I like it enough to say I like it.
Nose is quite malty, some cedar, and sherry. A little acrid, yet still sweet and inviting. Palate is sweet and rich, with waves of honeyed malty-ness. Sherry is constant at a restrained level. Wisps of background spice float in and out. Finish islongish and continues the theme. A splash or two of water doesn't seem to do any harm, and takes some of the fire off. This is on the fuller and richer side for an Irish Whiskey, but still incredibly drinkable.
I really like this!
A prickly nose for an Irish whiskey, spiritous, with pine scents. The light palate has mild malt and spice, with slight vanilla. This continues in the medium-long finish, but the alcoholy-alcohol flavor becomes a little too prominent. I kinda-sorta like it in a way that you can mix it or throw it on the rocks.
Better when aged to 16 years, Bushmills is doing well to approach a Scotish style.
The vanillas are well integrated with the malty/barley flavors.
Day old beer after a party along with some nice fruity over-ripe bananas.
The Port finish adds some darker grapy notes but the grassy/malty flavors still overpower the deeper winey notes.
Chocolate, cherry... With a smokey, heavyflavor.
Surprisingly smooth.
Good, drinkable, but no magic.
More of a scotch nose and body, finish fades quickly to just a tingling tongue. Enjoyable.
Strong, sweet nose. Very smooth, with well-balanced peat and fruit. Hints of cherry. A nice finish that gradually dissipates.
Super-malty flavor.
Slight hints of smoke.
Notes of Whoppers candy.
Sweet nose. Rich smokey taste. Finish is smooth and malty.
Tastes like Scotch. A little peaty.
Warm but smooth.
Very light and crisp with vanillas.
Very spirity and grainy.
I can almost always find something better to drink but if this was the only option, I would not protest... Too much.
Light golden color. Bitter useless nose. Palate is rubbing alcohol. The finish is terrible.
Floral and sweet.
Smelled and tasted as if the flavors were artificial and engineered by design.
The older SW stock is better as there was more wheat and malt present.
Maple nose with a slightly woody and sweet palate.
Very quick finish, but altogether pretty drinkable.
Nose is kinda... Alcoholy. Palate is a surprise given the nose, mainly spice. Bu this gets boozy as the glass drains, and is hard to enjoy at length. BUT, water changes everything! It gets sweeter, with a sort of mild taste of orange hard candies. With water, totally drinkable and decent.
Nose: sweet corn, cough syrup, hmm, smells like Canadian Whisky.
Palate: Very sweet with some underlying corn, floral notes and some grassy, malty notes and then some sourness.
Finishis mostly floral with a bit of tin.
Too light and sweet.
Not something I would want to spend much time with.
An announcement of the ocean in the nose, with smoke and medicinal notes. Palate is a familiar sea-smoke taste. Finish is lengthy, as before with hints of toast and herbal notes.
Smoky nose, charcoal, medicinal aspects. Palate is sweet and smoky, and charcoal-y in the corners of the mouth. Finish is medium-long, and too hot. A somewhat one-dimensional whisky, but an enjoyable glass of smoke and mild antiseptic... You know, good antiseptic. Your average peated whisky.
A softer and more gentle Islay Malt with all the clasic tastes but all are tame compared to Lag or Laphroaig.
None of the floral notes from Bowmore and not much earthiness like Ardbeg.
I suppose if you like light smoke and peat but not too much of anything, this is for you.
I really like the peat on this - plenty of it, but it has a grainy, fresh grist quality to it. The palate is very hot, lots of peat. Water helps make it less hot, but the nose disappears. The finish is like salt water and turns to burnt bacon. Does not hold up after drinking the South Islays, but on its own, its quite enjoyable.
The center stage is shared by fruity flavors as much as the smoke, and the smoke is a subtle-yet-there delicious type. My main criticism would be that it's a bit hot for 18 years and 43%. But it's priced about right, and an excellent go-to for when you want some peat, but not overwhelmingly so. Delicious.
Fruit, peat, spice, and wine. Rich and enveloping. The finish needs notable improvement, but otherwise this is quite good. If only the finish were better.
A strong dose of peat initially. As you get used to the strength and peat, other interesting notes emerge. The smoke is reminiscent a construction site where the wood is being cut with an electric saw. So I obviously smelled saw dust in this. The peat on the palate is balanced by maple syrup, mint and floral stuff. The finish is waxy. Interesting stuff.
Sherried soap, oddly unpeaty, bubblegum.
Nice fruity nose. Palate has green apples, mints and a bit of iodine.
Minty finish with just a bit of licorice.
Freshly struck matches with bandaids and a good dose of citrus. Images of squeezing lemons over BBQ'd seafood skewer. Thin and less inspiring on the palate but the brine and peat is still enjoyable. A nice one to have at a cook out.
Nice! Wow is this sweet, very sweet, with a sort of marshmallow-type sweetness, with maybe oranges. White wine notes too. The smoke is big, with medicinal qualities, and though big it's in balance extremely well. ABV is big, but I didn't add a drop of water and really enjoyed a nice fat glass of this.
Fresh tar and asphalt with lots of spice.
Warm peat, oregano, cracked pepper and citrus fruit. Nice mouthfeel with olive oil, grapefruit and wax. Red apples and bits of cherry follow. Smoke and peat emerge as the finish lingers.
Minty nose.
Palate is peppery and hot. Definitely add water.
The nose on this was very dark mixed in with lots of smoke and peat. But there was also a sweet maltiness to it. I had a wood fire going while drinking this and it held its own.
Clean nose. Taste is light and mild, but smoky and bright. A very long finish, with mainly the smoke moving to the forefront... There's rough, alcohol-y patches, but not enough to turn me away. Tasting this blind, I called it as a Caol Ila.
Nose of inviting campfire smoke and moss. Palate is that traditional campfire-y Caol Ila smoke. And there's not a lot else I can say besides that. If you've tried some typical Caol Ilas then you've had this before, which isn't to say that it's bad, because I do like it. It's a typical, decent, smokey/peaty effort.
Peaty sweets and a nice palate that makes this very good for me because it represents what I like most in Caol Ila... Solid peat goodness.
I agree: this is typical but it is solid in my book.
Nose of smoke, and very medicinal and antiseptic. Now the palate - yum!! It's like good medicine with a smokey breeze. There's a flavor in here that actually reminds me of Anbesol. And there's just enough sweetness to balance the rest out. Long finish. If you're a fan of the medicinal thing, this is a must-try.
Mild Peat - sweet for a peat, tastes like a cheaper lagavulin.
Mild peaty nose; almost medicinal; taste is salt and sea air; finish is soft; enjoyable without overpowering.
Nose - peat, with a bit of rubbing alcohol, taste - alcohol-y, slight peat and oil, finish - very thin, overall - slightly better than M due to peat.
Peat. Laphroig? Medicinal, smoky, salty.
Saltwater, lots of it.
Can I say its kinda... Sciencey?
I can.
Cool.
Sciencey, then.
Smoke, smoke, smoke, salty.
Very smoky. Delicious. No caramel. Peaty character. Like a crappy Lag 16, in a good way.
Charcoal new make and Christmas candy.
Nose is medicinal and smokey. The palate is like the nose, though more medicine/iodine/bandages than smoke. That's a bit nontraditional for a Caol Ila in my experience, typically a campfire-type smoke is what dominates, and the smoke behind the antiseptic stuff here is more of a restrained, less spicy type. Water accentuates a pleasant sweetness and tames the flames.
BBQ ribs, big smoke n' peat, very sweet and very good.
Frisky, grassy, bitter , and youngish.
Nose is paint. Palate is smoked salmon, nuts and spice. Finish is bitter dark chocolate and spice. Like this a lot.
Smokey antiseptic nose.
Pleasant enough taste, but a little one-note.
Average to short finish.
Sweet sherry and peaty nose with a hot but really easy-drinking palate.
Something of a rubbery glue taste that puts me off slightly.
Long to super long finish... Or maybe it was the first dram of the night... Will need to re-taste.
Nose of wood smoke and bacon. My initial reaction when it hits my mouth is "No." It's such a pure smoke flavor that it's initially very disagreeable... Yet after a few sips, I'm liking it... The highlights are mouth-filling flavors of smoke, with hints of fudge/toffee. But the lowlights are like chewing fresh charcoal, which keeps the rating way down.
Iodine, toasted sourdough, and band aids. Pine sap, vanilla and citrus. Palate is sweet with fruit sugars and finishes with smoke.
Nose is standard Caol Ila stuff, campfire smoke, with evergreen hints. Palate is BIG SWEET SMOKE. Finish is LONG. The capitals basically tell you all you need to know - this ain't subtle stuff. There's no complexity here, but who cares. To note, this whisky takes water very well, and I advise it. And wow, 35 bucks!
Simple, smokey, bit of hay.
Highly drinkable.
This was a great find - on Andy's patio, via Binny's. I really liked this. It is lighter and younger, but full of flavor. Where the older Caol Ilas have a lot of smoked bacon, this is a little more toward bacon grease with some other spices mixed in. But very drinkable. Not quite as pleasant or complex as the CL1, but for $35, it's a very good whisky.
Cured meat and rusty metal on the nose. Mostly peat on the palate, but its tastes kind of dirty and chalky. The chalkiness stays on the finish.
This entirely hits the spot for a peated treat. Nose is inivitingly smoky and bright, oily, some vegetal notes, hints of decay. Grapefruit as it opens up. Palate is nicely sweet, with semi-citrusy stuff balanced against big peppery coal smoke. Lots of vanilla. Oak says hello but stays controlled. Finish isvery lengthy, a mouthful of smoke and coal. Super tasty!
A quality smokey whisky but seems rather one dimensional for a 25 year old.
While I'm sure this is great stuff for adding smoke to a premium blend, on it's own it just doesn't stand up to other Islay's.
Has kind of a muddy bitterness with a twist of pepper and orange peel.
Reminds of of chinese food that need more MSG because there is no sweetness at all.
The finish is sour in that Islay way.
It's okay, but a great distillery lika Caol Ila shouldhave done better.
I don't really have much to say about this one, which is kind of my typical Caol Ila experience - that experience being one of campfire-type smoke and not a lot of dimension, rarely amazing, yet always tasty. So, yeah, that's what we've got here. This one is quite sweet, particularly for 25 years old. Mint enters in the long finish. There's heat, but for the ABV it's actually well restrained. This is a solid whisky - nothing to celebrate, nothing to curse, and a decent amount to enjoy.
Caol Ila without peat. Hmmm. I was afraid it was going to be a little like Howdy Doody without a hand up his kiester... Nothing going on. Turns out there was a little something under the peat sheet after all. Bubblegum and heat. Neads a little water. Nice flavor but the finish is more felt than tasted.
The alcohol is very apparent in the nose. But there are lighter caramel and toasted bread notes. Thin on the palate with spices, oats, and floral notes. Finish is fleeting and very dry with sweet toasted corn.
This is great whisky. Spicy-sweet, with big round fruit notes, gingerbread notes, and flowery stuff as well. At only 8 years, and a whopping 64.9% ABV, you'd think this would be a rough ride - but for all that, it isn't... At least not as rough as what you'd expect. It's a shame this isn't available Stateside; it's a must-try. If this is what Caol Ila is like when it's unpeated, then I demand they start a whole new unpeated line.
Wonderfully floral nose. Sweet, rose petals. Stars out mild with slight sweetness, then the flavor just grows into a huge, warm, long, floral finish. Mellows and lingers for quite awhile. Flowers and alcohol. Not really identifiable as Caol Ila, but very enjoyable.
Very strange, has more of an Ardbeg profile than Caol Ila.
She's young and hot and just won't shut up.
Worth a one night stand.
Kinda that same ol' same ol' Caol Isla independent... A lotta smoke, a little sweet, and not much else.
Presents with lots of dry wood, dried fruits, tea and incense. Initially honeyed on the palate with mixed fresh cut fruits. This fruitiness reminds me of a lot of the other 72 Caperdonichs I've tasted and it's very refreshing. There's a weird waxiness to the finish that appeared after all the fruity notes dissipated. It wasn't terrible but I just wasn't fond of it because it didn't compliment the malt.
Candied sweetness and grassy nose. Not as much fruit sweetness that I am used to from Caperdonich but there's definitely apple and pear in the mix. Refreshing spearmint toward the midpalate. Very sweet finish that tastes of sugar cane.
Nose of sherry and real bananas. Palate... Hmm. Rather muted altogether, but a really nice moderate-to-sweet sweetness of honey, toffee, and fruity hard candies. Finish adds some dry cinnamon and cloves, with banana reappearing. Quite a drinkable and understated, approaching elegant malt. Hits the spot nicely as a moderately-sherried, middle-of-the road whisky. Hard not to like. Yum!
Apricot, spice, sherry. Delicious. Fruity without being weak; a fruit monster with punch. This one is fantastic.
Nice spicy sweets and fruity tropical flavors.
A really great nose with more spice than fruit on the palate.
Exactly how I like it.
The finish has some heat and is medium.
One of the better profiles.
Ooh, this is all about really neat, fruity stuff all intertwined in a... Fruity adjective goes here... With something approaching spicy. A really pleasant whisky, hard to describe but not to drink.
Sweet, candied, fruitynose. A bit more mellow on the palate, some sherry, banana, oak, lots of vanilla, very smooth. Much longer finish than expected. Very good.
Sweet molasses and caramels mixed with candied fruits. I also got some incense out of this which made me think of Japanese whiskies. But it was toward the end of the night and I just remember really liking this.
This has a nice bourbony nose with caramel and some oak notes; nosing blind, I would certainly guess that it was a bourbon. On the palate, it's more distinctly Canadian, but with a richness that isn't typical of Canadian blends. There's chocolate, rye and some nice oak notes all backed up with some traditional Canadian sweetness. The finish has muted rye spice and honey.
Smells and tastes dusty.
The grain and coconut notes are present but dont really make an impression.
Kinda waxy with some spice.
I was surprised to see what this was, since I'm usually not a huge Irish whiskey guy.
The nose was caramel with wisps of smoke and sulphur and the palate and finish were both great.
Too bad they can't make any more.
Peaty nose with some crispy bacon grease notes ... Mmm... Bacon... Just not enough of it.
The palate is more earthy and salty with some iodine made me think Ardbeg when tasted blind.
A medium gold color. Herby, sweet rye, hops, soft warm caramel and a little spice kick on the nose. Unique palate that is sweet and hoppy. Not a long finish, but a satisfying one. This is beatiful stuff.
Amazing nose! Hops and malt. Truly unique. Light oak. This is not what you would grab when you want Scotch, but it is delicious and the first totally UNIQUE whiskey I've tried in ages. Yet it's not worth the price - but if it were $100, I'd buy it by the case.
I thought this was a little over the top the first time I tried it, but I've since come to appreciate this very unique whiskey. Pine and citrus explode in a massive resinous attack that coats the mouth and lingers forever.
Robust and very good.
Unmistakably from beer - very hopped beer - without checking the actual history, it seems to have been from a strong IPA.
The hops are very strong and although this is incredibly unique and very, very good, the huge ABV along with the huge hops puts this into the small dram and savour category.
I tried to drink more of this as the night went on but it was simply too pungent.
I would most certainly want to own this and drink it in small pours.
You can definitely smell the hops on this.
I seem to get a lot of lychee sweetness from the charbays but this version is the most distinct.
Much like the syrup from the canned lychees.
Bright, sour, orange, tastes like a Hefeweizen with whiskey.
The nose is huge and hoppy, though of a quite different character than the hops in Charbay's pilsners. There's almost a dry champagne note to it. The palate is sweet and spicy with more of those wine notes which remind me of a spicy white, like a Gewurztraminer. The hops comes out in finish where it mixes with honey and cinnamon.
Harsh and vaporous alcohol. But there are notes of new make, flour, bread dough, strawberry, vanilla and dry wood. Cereal and grains jump on the palate with an herbal spicy kick. Finish disappears fast.
The nose is hoppy and very beer like, like nosing a stout with lots of rich malt character. The palate is lighter than I would have expected, with hops and spice. The spice on the stout is more akin to baking spices like clove and ginger, similar to some of the notes in a rye whiskey. Toward the end of the palate it has sweet vanilla notes which trail off in to the finish.
Alot smoother and more mellowed out compared to the first release.
Very mature for its age and I would have guessed it to be older.
Lots of pine in the nose, smells richer and more compled this time.
The pine hoppy thing goes off big on the palate. Mmmmmmm.
Finish is extremely long.
This is just bizarre and once you get past that fact it's really enjoyable in it's huge bizarreness.
It's like whiskey with a breath freshener built in.
I feel enlivened by it.
Makes me say ahhhh after each sip.
Enough has been said already. Best Charbay since release 1.
I don't have too much to add to the above, but this is an all around excellent release. Dark amber color, with sweet hops on the nose. On my tongue it is just all around deliciousness with chocolate and hops. Great finish.
The nose has all of that hops and spice that I'm used to from these Charbay releases along with a perfume like quality. The palate is sweet and hoppy with a thick mouthfeel. You get the funky, hoppy character but with less of the marijuana note than I've tasted in some of the other releases. The finish is hoppy and spicy and lasts pretty much forever. This release is sweeter than any of the other Charbay pilsners I've had. It's great, funky stuff, and I like it better than the original, possibly because it's at a higher strength, but I still think it's hard to beat the boldness of the very first release.
Nose is sweet, with caramel, and notably the "digestive biscuits" that come in the Carr's Assortment package of crackers. Citrus hints. Palate is sweet, with those biscuits again, and graham crackers, and some wisps of orange or lemon. Finish is long-ish, with plain spice. This is decent stuff, a sort of down-the-middle pitch. It's good, and I'd enjoy this on a random I-don't-get-to-pick day. And I'd be happy enough with it on an airplane. Oh, this is a mishmash of 100 different single malts? That makes perfect sense.
Tastes like cheap crap.
Whatever.
This sucks.
Pleasantly mouth-coating without being overly so, this is well-balanced with an array of scotchy flavors - fruity, sherry tones, spice, malt - it's a broad but not extravagant palate. Long finish. A solid and very drinkable whisky.
Very warming and silky, almost glowing, lots of orange and citrus notes, long finish.
Did I just like a blend?The bartender in Vegas gave me a nice big pour for $16.
It was worth it! Am I gonna run out and buy a bottle for $160?
Probably not.
But ifJohnnie Blue is your thing, give this a try.
Nose of shoe polish and peat.
Taste of some sweetness, peat, medium-full bodied.
Overall, kind of one-dimensional, but nevertheless interesting.
Rumor has it this is Lagavulin and it almost has to be.
Nose: tequila and peat, not inviting.
Palate quiet then crescendo of peat, but not warm and friendly.
Simple, steady, one-note, not complex.
Balance is too balanced, uninteresting.
Not too much in this botle.
Lots of citrus and brine.
The nose is light with honey and malt, a very typical blended Irish Whiskey nose. The palate is malty, a tad soapy, then later in the palate develops a nice mustiness and some briny coastal notes that dominate the finish. I really wasn't expecting much from this, but it's a very nice Irish blend with some complexity, and for $20, a real deal.
Fruit!
Spice attack!
Tobacco!
Yummy party whisky with a malty/Whoppers character and finish.
A mixer and nothing more.
Add some vermouth and call it a Rob Roy.
Not as horrific as you might think.
Drinkable and nearly not un-preferable.
The smell reminds me of a bar in Cancun called "Tequila Rock", which smells like tequila, but with faintodor of vomit wafting up from the floorboards.
The overall taste and finish are almost non-existent, Kane sugar is the only notable flavor.
Not really bad in any way, just not good in any way.
Mix it with cola and get hammered.
Very resinous, wood polish, leather, oily.
Meh.
Too much like Glenmorangie 10.
An old favorite I have not had in a while. Nose is like a still room, a little raw. Fresh sea air. Palate is smoother than the nose. Sweet lemon, pepper. Salt. Yummy. Makes me want some fish and chips.
N: Caramel, nice. T: Peaty. F: Smoky, rough.
N: Delicious, fruit/floral, light smoke. T: Thin, oaky, sugary. F: Short, vanilla. O: Pretty good, nothing exceptional.
Nose is light oak, subtle, with a delicious crisp oaky taste with some fruit on the edges, sugar and smoke in the finish. Despite the subtly in flavor, I really enjoyed this and want a bottle of my own.
Smells like vanilla. Dull otherwise.
Sweet caramel nose, smoky. I like it, a little unmemorable though.
Sweet candied nose that smells of fruit and floral scented candles. Lots of fresh berries and dried tropical fruit. The wax and fruit stand strong and follow through onto the palate. A bit of spice from white peppers and sweet caramel add some dimension.
Solid enjoyable stuff.
I did get whiffs of peat on occasion.
Acrid and fruity nose. Palate is tasty and fruity, but not very "wide" in flavor... But what's here is amplified by the cask strength. Not much to say about this one - even a retaste revealed no magic - but it's quite enjoyable nonetheless. Uh, yeah.
I didn't get the waxy notes I normally associate with Clynelish but there were darker dragonwell tea like notes alongside dried citrus fruit. Not much going on with the nose. Good texture with a kick of citrus and cherry licorice. Ahh, there's the wax. The dark tea emerges in the mid palate but it comes with some chalky mineral notes that I don't care for. Light peat comes out during the finish which makes me think of Brora.
Alas it is not.
Great stuff! Oak plays of spice and fruity complexity. Nice but moderate grip in the finish. Drank a lot, took little notes. That's gotta say something.
Nose was sugary and sweet malts.
Tasted krispy cream glaze right off the bat and it seemed unmistakable to me.
With water came more malty notes... It really did help.
Ooh, interesting nose. Lots of pool water, big green grassy stuff, background meadow scents, oh man… it's a weird but good one. Fresh donuts somewhere in here. Something a little too spirity in here too. Hmm, let's see how this works out… Oh that palate's good. Rich spice, fruity, tagnerine-apple goodness, a little gingerbread. Good stuff.
Fruity bubblegum, malt, and spice. Medium-bodied and medium-rich with a long finish. Compared to the standard 14-year, this is denser yet less smokey - in fact, I don't get much smoke at all. Enjoyable.
Nose of honey mustard and solvent. Palate is sweet and spicy, with citrus notes. Finish is longish with pepper, becoming somewhat drying. There's nothing to shout about here, but this is enjoyable enough.
My notes were a bit sparse on this one, as it was towards the end of the night.
All I had was white wine, punchy, fruity and a comment to try again another night.
Fruity and oily with a plastic note that is not appealing. Lots of green grape notes on the palate with waxy clynelish finish. It runs hot on the esophagus. Not too much going on here.
Grapey winey nose, I suspect this is not scotch, tastes like watered down Irish whisky.
Thin and watery finish.
Nose is light and fruity with mulling spices. There's some unusualness in the palate. Light, yet the dancing flavors are... Not placeable for me. Hints of artificial orange flavor. Finish is yucky.
Nose is sherry-like, malty, with toffee, but there's an oily petroleum-like character that I don't love. Palate delivers a sweet and almost-full-bodied mouthful of vanilla, caramels, moderate spices, dried fruits and oranges. Finish continues the theme, but seems a bit hot given the sum of the parts here. It's decent whisky, but it would be so much better without that petroleum overtone that hangs over the whole experience.
Sweetened caramel. Salty cherries. White pepper. Funk on the finish.
Fiery but not too much. Great.
Light malty fruits in the nose.
Fresh and sharp fruit burst in the palate.
Water brings out malty citrus notes.
Suprised to learn it was 37 years.
Not a very active cask for that long in wood.
Lots of fruit on the nose, pears, Riesling. The palate started with sherry and made its way to malt. A nice, light whisky.
Wow.
That's really good, total fruit bomb here.
Citrus zest on the nose, then dives into bubble gum fruit on the palate, and finishes with some gingery spice.
Great!
Detected a bit of sulfur in the nose, but thepalate makes up forit with a barrage of peaches and floral notes.
Finishes sweet. I really like this!
Nose is stunning, sprint and cotton candy.
Sweet spice and smoke.
They may call it "Oak, Smoke, and Liquorice", but I call it "Flowers and Meat".
Very tasty.
I brought this bottle back from Germany shortly after our first meeting, and my initial impression was that it was offensively smokey.
Retasted 2 years later, its actually quite a tasty Islay.
Surely smokey, but balanced with a nice sweetness. Definitely aLagavulin component in there.
Has it mellowed in the bottle, or have I just learned to appreciate Islay more?
Probably the latter.
Smokey for sure - mainly smoked meats, and hickory bacon. This is a tasty whisky! Some untamed youth both helps and hurts. But yeah, hickory-smoked bacon for sure.
Heavy on the grain. Sorry. No more notes. (Hiccup)
Kind of a muted but still nicely round corn-caramel flavor, still full of flavor but not an ass-kicker. The oak is here in a fair dose, but not too much. As it opens up the nose gets really candy-like and alluring. Altogether extremely drinkable and good stuff, with a little of the paint/varnish quality I find in many old bourbons. If you come across one of these somewhere, it's worth trying to get.
Alcoholic and sweet nose with a little spice on the palate.
Fairly long finish with an interesting "reverb".
Nose of caramel, buttery with some alcohol. Palate is sweet and light, yet mouthfilling, caramel traces. The finish kind of disappears, then reappears with mild, lingering caramel. I went through a phase where I really enjoyed evenings in the Four Seasons lounge sipping glasses of this.
The nose is Bourbony; a light, wheated Bourbon like Maker's. Palate is very sweet, a bit of Bourbon corn, a bit Canadian tasting. I get some spicy notes on the finish. There's definitely corn in here and likely barley. Wheat possibly too; I don't get any rye at all.
Loads of Vanilla with oily buttery sweetness. Almost smells like sun tan oil. Thin and lacking taste on the palate. Kinda watered down with a grainy perfumey finish. The nose was promising but it was dissappointing on the palate.
Some really good grain, briny and meaty.
Wasn't a big fan of the standard Hedonism, but this is a winner.
Nose is sweet fruits with nice apples and cherries.
Little peaty notes way in the background.
The palate has some nice peaty iodine things going on but not enough to make this a B range IMHO.
Floral, fruit and oak on the nose. Very pleasant on the palate, dried fruit, oak, butter, and vanilla. Short to mid-length finish. Not particularly complex, but a great light blended malt to drink all night.
Light body, sweet with spice.
Good-oily mouthfeel, with a lingering finish of oaky spice.
Very drinkable.
Slight tequilla nose, nice sugary finish, good mouth feel.
Good value, I'll enjoy the rest of this bottle.
Fruity/citrusy.
Light and pleasant.
Light citrus.
Soft, long finish.
Nose of smoke with fruit - oranges. Palate of peat smoke, spicy-sweet. A very familiar taste. Finish is of a nice length.
The use of the word "Monster" in the name implies something that this is not.
I really expected this to hit me with peat and when it didn't, it lost some respect.
I really expected more from this one.
Not much of anything on the nose, followed by some apple cider and faint smoke and a short/sweet finish.
Nothing to see here - move on folks.
Light wifty notes of sherry with a minty finish.
Weak and simple speysider.
Nose... Hmm, it makes me ponder... Some scents just make me do that. Berries, cherries, wisps of brownies. Initially a slight off note, but that vanishes as the whisky opens up. On the palate, my initial impression is, "Well, I wouldn't call it a 'Spice Tree.'" There are definitely spices in here like ginger, clove, and traces of cardamom, but they're all very mild, and blend in with a medium cherry-apple sweetness, resulting in more of a fruity sorta-sweet experience. In the finish is where the "spice" becomes the most proment - but having tried many truly spicy whiskies, this seems to be slightly misnamed. All that aside, it's nonetheless a tasty whisky.
Peach and Band Aid.
Interesting spice profile - no doubt from the French Oak staves.
Different but not spectacular. B but just barely.
Somewhat dark amber color. The nose started slow but had peach, cinnamon and other spices, maple syrup and chipotle. The palate was very interesting - rich and light at same time, featuring both moldy wood and fruity oak. Hit a lot of the right notes for me.
Lightly peaty and that sweet Irish tang that is hard to hide... Not great, not bad.
Nose is nearly non-existant, difficult to detect faint waves of cinnamon and oatmeal.
Smooth, weak body.
Finish is the only interesting part, smoke and spice comes rolling in in a pleasant wave.
Oily, light peat, nothing else.
You can really smell the "bog" here in the form of old damp moldy wood.
Very musty, moldy with a lemon zest.
Creamy on the palate with vanilla and toffee sweetness contrasted with smokey earthy notes.
Finish is a bit salty with rubber.
Nose of fruit, spice, some peat, and some distinct notes of rubbing alcohol.
Palate is surprising, relatively complex layers of sugar, fruit, spice, and smoke.
Finish is warm and enveloping, with smoke and bitter cocoa.
Nose?
Tastes like 120 proof church wine with artifical smoke flavoring.
The label reads "Connemara Cask Strength is a true connoissuers choice".
My arse.
A decent smoker.
Youngish and thin, but achieves it's goal of delivering peat.
I reviewed this a long time ago, perhaps before I'd had many better peated malts.
I've also thought it was worth drinking.
Not quite scotch, not quite irish whiskey, and not quite that interesting.
Nose smells like a discouraging, pissy and slightly apppley scotch.
Palate is bland, slightly sweet with smoke.
Very smooth, weak body.
Finish is smoky but unremarkable.
Smells like solvent, smokey taste, finishes with me thinking, "Where can I pour the rest out?"
Lots of citrus zest with notes of burning plastic.
This tastes very murky and tarry.
Like moldy wood and peat.
Nose of apple cider, cherries, and soap. Palate tastes like this was aged in a so-so sherry cask. Cherries again, plus an unwelcome kind of bitterness and soap. The flavor intensifies in the finish, with wood notes. This leaves me not really wanting more... There's a lingering bitterness, ash, and most notably SOAP.
Nose of white wine and vanilla. The palate is initially sweet, then dries out. That vanilla/cake batter thing is going on in this one, along with citrus, lemons, and spice. The key characteristic for me here is that this is almost "zesty" or "zingy" - whatever that is, I like it. Drinks fine at full strength. Water adds spice and reduces sweetness; too much water reveals soap. And as this opens up and the glass goes down, that slight soap aspect becomes apparent, but not enough to ruin it for me.
Bitter, Damp wood, strong, nose is like a greenhouse.
Nose is farmy, wet wood, and some nice ripe fruit.
Very big cleanfruit that lasts and lasts!
Nice!
Creamy nose with a good dose of spice.
Vanilla cream follows on the palate with toffee, butterscotch, and a lot of citrus.
Nice nose with some wood and citrus aroma. The taste is more of sweet grain, seems to be a little like corn and malt. Very smooth. Takes some time to get complex, but it is something you could spend time with and enjoy.
This basically strikes me as a "standard" bourbon-casked whiskey... The type many of us have sampled many casks of... But in that regard, it's quite yummy and quite solid.
Nose is oaky, vanilla, apples. Palate is cider. Finish is OK.
Tangy apples with a hint of citrus. Hint of old wood, but this is definitely leaning more toward the fruit salad.
New make, yeast and burnt mint leaves. Burning plastic and shrink wrap. Much of the same on the palate with peach and pear. Toasted sugar of crepe brûlée. More smokiness on the citrus finish.
This whiskey is no gentleman.
Apricot nose is most interesting part. Palate is sweet fruit with slight spice and floral notes, finish picks up some some spice, smoke and malt linger.
Not remarkable in any way, but wholly inoffensive.
Excessivley fruity nose, bubble gummy, taste is light but oily.
Finishes with a bit more fruit.
Bleck.
Nose is gala apple, apple juice, butterscotch candy. Palate is burnt toast, water lessens the bitterness. Not much else, but a light oily mouthfeel. Finish is OK.
Nose of white wine, paint/solvent, fruit, caramel, and vanilla. The palate is surprising, with spice and restrained sweetness. The finish is lengthy, with mint/cilantro aspects, and hot - watch the fire! Water adds lots of sweetness. A fully enjoyable, cask-strength-powered, medium-bodied spice/fruit treat.
Nice honey and vanilla nose, pleasingly sweet butthen anoffnote of cheap wood, finishes dry and hot.
You've probably tried stuff exactly like this before. Spicy, medium-swet, standard bourbon-casked spicy whatever.
Fruity nose, old rubber bank, little bit of pear.
Interesting.
Nose of citrus and 7-up. Palate is a sort of standard number, medium-bodied, medium, spice, semi-dry. Some anise. Finishes a bit hot.
Cane sugar with little else on the nose - almost nonexistent.
Palate kind of similar.
Sweetness runs through the warmth but so little else.
A hint of oak spice and maybe some light vanilla…..not bad…but needs much more of whatever it is that it has.
Nose of toffee and sherry. Palate is tannic, rather rich, and medium-to-full-bodied. Flavors of coffee and cocoa/dark chocolate, bittersweet toffee. Very mild sweetness, quite dry and woody. There's also something vaguely chemical. Finish is medium-short and continues the theme. A little water makes this sweeter and better. Decent and mouth-filling.
Pleasant nose of toasted peanuts and warm toffee.
This is very nice on the palate.
Lots of sweet fruits with biter greens to the finish.
The finish is short and it runs hot at 43% but it's a great daily drinker.
Nose is kind of gaseous sherry. The palate is smoky and chocolatey, with the smoke being of a type that's a whole lot like the smell outside my window right now and that's half bad/good. Worth trying for the sort of odd flavor and type of smoke.
Peated whisky matured in a sherry cask can be a wonderful thing. Or it can be like this, where the two flavors just don't cooperate with each other.
The nose is sweet and malty. Wood polish and spice can be readily found with hints of warm toffee. A bit thin on the palate but surprisingly it sticks to the soft palate. Not too much going on with taste on this. Tastes like sweet watered down tea with a bit of rye spice making an appearance with some spice at the end.
Nose is nutty and earthy, the rye content is noticeable.
Light and refreshing rye and fruit, but loses it and gets watery in the finish.
Plain, so plain, so plain. Mainly caramel here - in good amounts - and spiritous, alcoholy stuff. Yet it's totally "fine." Rocks or mix.
Nose has notable bourbony qualities, and red licorice The taste - yep, definitely a lot of cherry-related stuff going on here. I swear I distinctly taste red Twizzlers in the medium-bodied palate, along with rye-type notes of mild spice. The finish is medium-long and continues the previous. This is the sort of thing I'd enjoy drinking at a party.
You look at this - in a blind tasting - and go, wow, that looks exciting! It's black and rich-looking. The nose is rather light, with cranberries, hard candies, and taffy, kind of tart. So you're super-curious now - hmm, what's this gonna taste like? Well, not much. Sort of a dried fruits, spice, sweet thing in a very flat way, with some tobacco. It's totally drinkable, just unremarkable in every way. Reminds me of a boring, crappier Dalmore. Finish gets kinda bitter and close-to-nasty. Obviously, the color comes from a truckload of caramel coloring.
Nose is fruity, with pee.
Palate is initially awful.
Then it doesn't get better.
I don't like anything about this and can barely drink it. Barely.
The nose has a weird perfume fragrance, then it turns sort of metallic.
It tastes like flat beer with Splenda.
This is vile, hideous stuff.
Some cinnamon in the nose. Palate is quite fruity - citrusy, oranges - and breezy. There's also something like Play-Do, though I can't figure out if I'm tasting or smelling it. A little salty. There's not a lot going on here, yet it's "fun" and light. Great party whisky.
Light floral notes with a somewhat metallic tinge and a salty finish.
Dry, weird, and ugly.
Not my style of malt. Ugly.
I don't dislike too many malts... But this fit that category.
Avoid the bottle or serve it to someone you don't like.
Light fruit notes with good maltiness.
A bit of citrus as well.
Doesn't do a whole lot for me, sort of a pleasant mix of spice and light random flavors. Fine and fine and fine.
Old man's tweed closet.
Nose is light sugars and slight hints of fresh-cut grass. In the mouth - yum. Subtle elegance of spice, strong floral and fruit presences, with nutty notes. Some peppery notes of the disagreeable variety mar the longish finish.
Light rubber and mint.
Nose is oaky with apples and floral notes that continue into the palate.
Gets fruitier for a bit then fades nicely into a clean and crisp finish.
Tasty.
Nose is buttery amaretto.
Taste is peppery almonds.
Hot without water.
The finish is long but loses flavor.
Nose of bright fruit, with roses, candy notes, and wood. Palate is initially sugary-sweet, with more of the nose, along with caramel swirled in. Bubblegum/fruit pops in-and-out, and the palate hits a really pleasurable, mild-fullness on the crossover and through the finish, which is mild but lengthy. I really like this. It's nuanced yet big, especially for a non-sherried lighter whisky. Pairs excellently with a good brie and crackers. A whisky whose flavor doesn't grow old and has surprises in each sip.
Pleasant, floral, bready nose. Surprising heat gives way to light honey, grass and fruit flavors. Short to mid-lenght finish, with some charcoal and light fruit flavors. Very Good.
Light and fruity nose and light and citrus on the tongue. Not a good finish.
Bang!! Yum!! Big flavors without being overwhelming. The whole experience is permeated by vanilla, malty notes, caramels, and showings of bright fruits. Semi-floral and a sugary delight. The price is indeed high, and whether it's "worth it" is different from one drinker to the other... But in 10 years, when there's no Dallas Dhu left at all, people will ask "Why didn't you buy all of it you could?" So, buy now if you can!
Crisp and fruity nose, interesting organic taste, very herbal.
Refreshing. Clean as a whistle.
Another great Dallas Dhu! I was having way too much fun drinking this to take any real notes, but it falls in line with the 1975 Signatory that was bottled for Binny's.
Butterscotch nose.
Taste is creamy. Honey wood. Sweet.
Light and refreshing. Dallas Dhu seems to always fall into the "lighter" category of whisky - but this is definitely lighter than usual, although that presumably has something to do with the ABV. Slight grains/cereals flavor and faint spice. A good all-nighter background whisky. Plain yet tasty.
Light, floral, and refreshing.
Ahh, there's that elusive farty character that I so dislike in the nose. The palate is not so bad... At first... Then the finish is a mess of alcoholic junk. Mistake in a bottle.
Moldy candy and butterscotch.
Sweet sherry nose, bananas. Palate is more bananas, burnt toast. Finish is just sweet.
The nose falls into a branch of my "farty" category. Palate doesn't start so great, and then the finish just becomes pure alcohol with not a whole lot else going on... Which makes it barely in the category of "whatever."
Nose of sherry and fruit. It's really interesting, with carnival smells - like cotton candy and caramel corn. Palate - yum. Mild-to-medium bodied, yet mouthfilling and complex. There's fruit, spice, and wine. Sweet. This continues straight through the lengthy, mild finish, with peppery/spice and dryness. This blows away today's Dalmore 12.
A nearly textbook example of a medium-sherried, medium-bodied, medium-spice-sweetness-nuttyness-everything whisky. Very drinkable without being watery or light. But unremarkable in the fact that... Well... There's not much to remark about. I mean it's good, it's just that you've probably already tasted stuff just like this before. One of those "tasty but no magic" scotches, and I think you can taste that it's designed to be that way.
Nose of strong vanilla and caramel, oranges, very Dalmore. The palate delivers on all that as you might expect, and woah, it's really syrupy! In both taste and texture - syrup. Yet the sweetness is restrained, not overly syrupy-sweet. Enjoyable stuff, that nose is killer.
Not a lot of complexity here, this is one that's unremarkable but not bad. Sweet, smooth, with floral and fruit aspects. Personally, I think this is one of those Scotches for people who really don't like Scotch that much.
Nose: Very nice nose; sweet Bourbon with wood polish and oak.
Palate: I was expecting big woody/chewy complexity from the nose but it's actually more of the light and smooth variety with sweet candy flavors and just a bit of oak.
The finish goes back to the woody qualities of the nose.
A decent Bourbon worth trying but not overly complex.
Splendid nose, sweet and rich.
It's tasty but is disappointing after the nose.
Is there sherry in this?
The sweetness hints at it.
The finish is crisp and peppery, with no other noticeable taste, which is a bit disappointing.
Wow. This is a nifty one, and a shapeshifter. The nose is waxy, with not a lot going on. The palate betrays the nose, with a rush of mixed spices, mint, malt, anise, hay/grass aspects, all with a very slight sweetness. Oaky too, but with restraint. The finish turns mostly to spice and pepper - but thenin the tails of it there's strong oatmeal, and distinct cinnamon. An interesting one for sure.
This is very sweet.
Powdered sugar, charred caramel and syrup. Sweet armangac fruit notes as well.
Dense on the palate with brown sugar, toasted almonds, cashew, and green apple skin.
Cookie dough emerges mid palate. Honey, bees wax and hints of salt on the medium finish.
A tasty well-rounded whisky with peaty tones and mild sweetness. It's somewhat like what regular ol' Dewars would taste like if it were peatier, bigger, and actually good. (By the way, Hi-Time has been selling this for $125 for a long time, which is a more appropriate price).
Engineered to not offend.
Maybe I'm just a single malt snob, but there's just nothing special here... If you're looking for $180 of not specialness, here it is.
BORING.
Nothing distinct.
Not much in the nose, some floral.
Finish is hot and short.
Average.
Sherry, sweet, and smoke. Finish is nice and long, coconut peeks in at the very end.
A pretty straightforward sherried number.
Not much in the way of complexity, but a decent enoughblend.
Okay, you see the description of what's in this malt? Yep, that's what it pretty much tastes like. Blendy and inoffensive, sweet and watery. I like it, it's very drinkable and hard not to like.
Farty Rhosdhu nose.
Pepperminty damp decaying log.
Thick and sweet.
Great for dessert!
Ok stuff lightly prayed and drinkable.
Nose of cocoa and phenol, which come through on the palate as well, together withsome spice/fruit/pepper. Oily finish.
Pretty tasty.
Velvety, peppery, nicely sherried.
The nose is a light sweet sherry. Like candy. My first taste of this was great - very sweet, but light. Dufftown seems to be a good aperitif malt. It has a delicacy to it that other whiskies and flavors can mask easily. Honey flavors come through with the sherry, still light and delicate. Not a bad whisky - would be good to introduce someone to single malt. Very approachable, girl-next-door quality.
Apple nose. Palate is light and lightly sweet, with fruityness - it's refreshing with a spicy kick. Finish is on the short side of medium-length. This is eminently drinkable and enjoyable. Solid.
Nose is malty, honeyed, with peanut butter. Palate is rather watery but not without flavor. Very malty, with light toffee and a little tinge of spice. For as, um, "mild" as this is, it's kind of rich, if that makes any sense. Kinda like a slightly-richer though dryer Glenfiddich 12, with an extra kick of spice. Clearly designed to be inoffensive and I do like it... Although those of you looking for something special or punchy will be offended for certain.
Light chocolate and fruity nose, but really there's not all that much going on here after that. This is ok, I'd be happy with it at a bar, but it would sit in my home bar for ages. Nothing particularly exciting.
Sherry and burnt caramel nose. The palate has some bitter smoke and charcoal flavors mixed with butter and sweetness. Complex. Really enjoyable. A little like the better, richer Mortlachs.
Sweet preserved Fruits mixed with leather and chocoate. Also has a spicy acidic component that reminds me of pepper ponzu. Easily consumed any time day/night or season.
Very sweet and nice notes of leather and spices with some great fruits and something like saltwater taffee but the darker kind... Maybe some blueberry reduction?
Anyway, very nice and an excellent find.
Bright fruit. Medium-bodied. Some tobacco and spice, and maybe sherry notes. It finishes with more of the same, kind of a medium-length finish, but the last note of it loses points in a can't-drink-a-lot way.
Light nose, sour fruit, then strongly floral on the palate, medium short finish, slightly bitter.
Nose of apple/pear and alcohol. Palate is pleasing after an uncertain nose. This is light, with kind of a classic fruity/floral/sweet with spice-notes thing going on. Finish is too hot but doesn't kill it. Unremarkable, I'd drink this on the rocks.
Tame nose, earthy, peaty smoke. Palate is sugary, wood-smokeyness with cinnamon and jam notes. The smoke really lingers, although it's kind of a "burnt sticks" type of smoke that I don't really prefer. Yet it's okay. Gets better as it goes along, and the sweetness moves more to the fore.
Nose is cider and chardonnay. Palate is very light, pleasing, sweet and malty. Finish is mild but lasting, and sweet-malty. I enjoyed this, but after some time it became less enjoyable.
Nose hits with quite a bit of corn of all kinds - creamed corn, fresh corn, caramel corn - but also some alcoholy-ness in here I'd traditionally associate with youth. Also a vegetal aspect like pea soup. Palate isa really nice caramel-corn bourbonyness, vanilla, with wood-spice kicking in and taking over the finish. It doesn't do anythinge exciting for me, but I haven't asked it to, and I've been finding this a sold drinkin' bourbon with added grip and character.
The nose has some nice oak, baking spices and some toffee notes. The palate starts with caramel, then moves to butter but flattens out at the end with cereal notes and a cardboard finish. It's decent, but it doesn't hold up.
This one has a light but pleasant nose. It's a pretty typical Buffalo Trace nose, sweet with a hint of spice. The palate on this has a very good balance of sweetness, oak and spice. It's a very easy drinker and has a nice bit of spice late on the palate and into the finish. You know all those people who say they want a "smooth" bourbon? This is for them.
A medium amber with a lot of rye, wood and spice on the tongue. Great, long draw.
The nose is a bit musty and very woody with some sweet maple syrup The palate is heavily spicy and minty in a mouth wash sort of way which continues into the finish. This is a very nice bourbon and one I'd happily buy if it was available, but I must say I preferred the later, Buffalo Trace version of the 101.
A bit of rye on the nose, a solid bourbon, but 1-dimensional.
Bourbony cornbread aroma, sweet taste with some custardy-ness and cocoa hints, wood takes center stage on the finish with spice notes.
Delicious bourbon.
Laundry fabric.
Honey, fresh cut wood and dry grass. Candy corn. A bit thin and dry on the palate. Very astringent mid palate. Mostly corn sweetness and what I would imagine lacquer and varnish would taste like. Bitter finish.
I'm going to buck the trend here and say I really like this one. The nose has butterscotch, vanilla, caramel, molasses and also features fresh morning dew and toasted oak. The palate is light compared to most of the other BTAC offerings, but is very pleasant: white chocolate and creamy vanilla. Probably would be happier at 50%, but I'm not complaining this year with ER 17.
Nose is hazelnuts, cherries, and grapes with rye notes. Hints of old dry sawdust. Palate is an interesting but welcome contrast to the nose, pleasant, bourbony, and mild. Finish is quick. This isn't a great one, it's hard for me to drink much of it and enjoy it.
Very light color. Tastes like a really crappy fruit eau de vie. Finish is terrible.
Cinnamony and a "mulled" sort of flavor. Pretty good stuff.
Nose is sweet, subtle, flowery. Taste is firm, oily. Long decent finish. More liquor-like than whisky-like.
Nose: Grass and sugar. Body: Sweet, maple sugar, baseball glove oil. Nice, clean finish.
Nose: Sweet, Macallan-ish. Palate: Not as sweet, firm, totally forgettable, scotchy. Nose better than taste. Kind of simple. Totally fine.
Nose: Sweet, mild, slight flower. Taste: mild upfront. Finish: Hot, long. Overall – Easy drinking, warm, fills out with water, non-distinct, simple.
Plain and Poor. I don't like much.
Sweet, but salty, peaty. Oily texture. Subtle. Easy drinking @ night. Not too complex.
Nose of vanilla and oak, sweeter-smelling, with some solvent. Palate is sweetish, oaky, with light sherry and light spice. Finish is medium length and continues the theme. Nothing magical here but I enjoy it well enough.
Just the right amount of sweetness, oak, and bourbony richness. Almost syrupy, though not syrupy-sweet. To borrow from The Duke, this has somewhat of a "purple" taste to it, though I have no idea if he'd agree. A very good buy, most stuff with this level of flavor costs a lot more.
Rich rye on the nose, woody and sweet on the palate, dry and tannic in the finish.
A very nice bourbon.
George T Stagg-like.
The nose on this release is more medicinal than the first. The palate is woody, piney, with some acidic notes. The finish leaves a lot of candy on the nose.
Water again brings some spice, but also some candy corn sweetness that settles in for the finish.
Nose of vanilla, smoke, and some alcohol. Palate is rich smoke, deep, and kind of one-dimensional but good. Reminds me of some of the Classic of Islay bottlings.
Nose has that honey-mustard thing going on, in of course a bourbon variety.
Good amounts of caramel. The palate is quite sweet and goes down really easy.
There's almost a malty aspect to this as well, although of course it's not malted. There are some spiritous edges that keep the rating down, but this is nonetheless quite good bourbon at a decent price.
Very sweet nose with a lot of dry oak. It starts of creamy and becomes very dry very fast.
You get the same on the palate.
Some sweetness that is overpowered by the oak and a very faint vanilla finish.
A full nose with lots bourbony goodness and wood but the palate tasted more like licking the inside of a barrel.
The nose is very light with roses and some vegetal notes.
The palate iscandysweet and fruity with maple syrupbut with some balance with woody notes in the background, which fades to more fruity notes. The finish is likerock candy and fruit.
Perfectly decent stuff, especially for the price.
Rich amber color with a one-dimensional nose. I found it bitter and thin in my mouth. Did have a nice long draw though.
For a bourbon that was distilled almost 100 years ago, this is really quite sprightly and "alive." Sweet and good, cinnamon, clove, allspice, and altogether kind of apple-y. It's really like a bouqet of great spices in the mouth, with a cider-pear-honey kind of mild sweetness, and a perfect warmth. The kind of thing you'd sit with by a campfire and drink a ton of. Excellent and memorable stuff.
Buttery, varnishy, green. Smooth, balanced sweetness, nondescript spicy note. Short finish of more of the same. Overall smooth, sweet, one note that's wholly inoffensive and fine.
Stale old wet bread. There's a lot of funk on this.
Bright nose. Watery and sweet palate. For something that doesn't pack a whole lot of flavor, I actually do like it.
Rather tasty, middle-of-the-road unremarkable Scotchiness. Somewhat sweet, fruity for sure. Some alcohol-y aspects detract.
This is a perfectly good blended malt, actually very good, but on a philosophical level I think its just a damn shame mixing single malts.
Nose is fragrant, floral, and Christmas-y. Palate is very light, sweet, with mild spice and tanginess. The finish continues this, with pine/mint aspects popping in lightly. Not a whole lot going on here, though. Nothing to hate, nothing to hug.
Lots of oily nasty peat on the nose.
The malt on this just smells off to me.
Gets a bit better on the palate with the peatiness being a bit more clear and leaving a salty finish.
I've tried this several times but it always something I dump.
I gave my one and only bottle away 90% full 2 years ago.
I am reminded why everytime I try it.
But I think this will be the last time.
Anyone want the rest?
Three year old whisky strained through a dirty sock filled with campfire ash.
The nose is very fruity and sweet. The whiskey is light on the tongue. It's syrupy with candy corn, caramel and other candy notes as well as some sherry. I'm guessing it's mostly corn because I didn't detect anything in the way of rye flavor. The lightness is such that it almost evaporates on the palate leaving very little in the way of finish except for the last sweet taste and a quick but pleasant woodiness on the way down.
Light gold color. Very clean flavors of toasted oak, maple syrup, brown sugar. A little musty. Initially a bitter sweet burst on my tongue with vanilla and sugar. Very rich. Over time this whisky has grown on me, so I think a little bit of oxygen does it well.
Light gold color. Initially strong alcohol vapors that give way to hints of brown sugar and vanilla. The palate is a little funky, with lots of oak/bitter wood and a collection of spices. Opens up over time with some air and losses the bitter quality. I tasted Lot 250.
Nose has fruity notes with rubbing alcohol. The palate is fruity and spicy, medium-light bodied. There's some interesting aspects here, yet I'm not excited to drink much of it.
Nose of apples, caramel, and laundry detergent powder. Palate is quite sweet and honeyed, with medium-spice levels and rye flavors. Green apples stick out, too. Finish is lengthy, and the heat lingers. The bourbon falls apart a little here. But this is a good, inexpensive bourbon that has real flavor while still being accessible to all.
There's a huge rye kick on the nose which melts into a vanilla extract. The palate is surprisingly fruity. I get pineapple and then a hint of rye which fades into the finish, but the more I drink, the more those rye notes emerge, like when you eat a chili mango palate and it mostly tastes like mango but then the chili creeps up on you. There are even some of the vague sandalwood notes that I detect in those old Pennsylvania ryes. The finish has a light chocolate note. The more I drink this one, the more I like it. Even though this is six years older than the usual Four Roses Single Barrel, it doesn't have much in the way of wood.
I enjoyed a big glass of this yet don't have a lot to say about it - it's a sweet and somewhat fruity bourbony bourbon, with some very light spice. A decent cask-strength number that feels cask-strength, the flavor strikes me as basic but solid.
Nice burnt orange color. Nose is full of caramel and oak, with hints of vanilla. On the palate there is a lot more spice than the nose portends. The initial taste is actually a big kick. However, not overly complex or deep and the finish is not nearly as good as I was expecting.
Nose of very faint caramel and melons. Palate offers very light caramel with some malt flavors. Gets more honeyed in the finish. Nothing to celebrate here at all, but I find it to be okay stuff.
The nose has an ever so slight vanilla note. The palate is... Awful. It tastes mostly of alcohol. It's like a lightly sweetened vodka, with honey and maybe a touch of wood. There is not much whiskey character at all. This stuff really has no redeeming value.
A very spicy rye flavored bourbon with good sugar and plenty of oak, finishes on mint and floral notes.
Floral, quite spicy, and medium-rich bourbon - rich enough that a moderate pause between sips is necessitated. The spice here is delicious - it's especially prominent in the lengthy, warming finish that screams of a strong rye component. I'd like this more if it had more dimension; but, there's still a lot to love in this tasty bourbon at a fair price.
On the nose I get coffee beans and rye spice. The palate is very spicy as well with lots of rye notes and a chewy mouthfeel. The finish is cooking spices - cloves, ginger, allspice. A really nice, spicy bourbon.
A rather herbal nose especially for a bourbon, with grassy light floral stuff, a little dill. Quite sweet palate, fruity and intense, but lacking serious depth. In the finish, a light halo of minty-herbal stuff returns. Despite the lack of complexity it's great and I'd eagerly drink it any day.
This has a huge Bourbon nose with lots of corn syrup and traditional Bourbon notes. The palate is very clean, traditional Bourbon with some mint and other herbal notes. It's got a nice long finish with more mint at the end. Delicious, solid Bourboney stuff!
Light amber color. Sweet nose that runs a little hot too. Cinnamon, a little briny, faint pine tree or mint in the background, vanilla and overall very fresh. The palate starts out fine, but quickly turns bitter/astringent; it isn't overly wooded though. Also a general layer of spice. For something above 60%, not a huge finish. Overall, the nose is nice and straightforward, but the palate leaves a lot to desire.
The nose on the Binny's bourbon is very light with caramel and toffee. The palate is candy sweet but oak takes a place at the table about mid way through and stays through the finish. It's nicely balanced and surprisingly light for its abv.
Deep red amber color. The nose has plenty going on - general sweetness, cherry, some sweet corn, vanilla and cloves. Is strong. The palate has spicy wood and packs a good punch. After leaving out for awhile, the glass turns more vanilla centric. The finish is huge and bold.
A nice a strong bourbon that doesn't have a lot to say. Hard for me to love it, but I can't hate it either - I hae a major weakness for just about any high-strength bourbon of moderate age.
The nose is rich and oaky with caramel and a touch of rye. The palate is pretty dense. It starts with sweet notes but quickly moves to rye, leather and oak and trails off with medicinal notes. The finish is medicinal/menthol which fades into a nice spicy tobacco note. As with most of these Small Batch releases, there's a lot going on here; it's a great, complex bourbon.
Nose of penaut brittle and Bit-O-Honey - strong Bit-O-Honey. There's not a whole lot going on in the palate, but what's there is entirely inoffensive in every way and good. Honeyed, medium-sweetness with traditional stuff like caramel, vanilla, and apple. Finish is medium-length, with a little excess heat, and some nuts/cashews/peanuts in the tails. That Bit-O-Honey thing really carries all the way through... And I like Bit-O-Honey a lot, so that makes this somewhat craveable for me. I would think that any average bar-goer would really take to this - it's very "smooth."
I am consistently impressed with George Dickel, that maple flavor is just so tasty.
And it's quite easy drinking even at 3 years of age. A great bang for your buck.
Nose is sweet, and very nutty - with caramel and toffee notes - sort of like peanut brittle. Some tobacco too. Palate is medium-sweet, with nutty notes, caramel, vanilla, and apple hints. None of that is particularly strong, though, and overall it's a very slight palate. But that, I believe, is the whole point of Tennessee Whiskey, and this has achieved it well. Finish continues the theme, and is warming-to-hot. Gets a bit rough as the glass drains. Given the comparable price point, in the battle of Tennessee Whiskies, this is the sweeter, more-flavorful, and I would say better one... Without "too much flavor" to deter the folks who come to this sort of whiskey in the first place. And I do personally enjoy it quite a bit! That Bit-O-Honey, Honey-Nut-Cheerios thing really hits me nicely.
The nose on this is pure pickle juice, which is actually pretty typical of young LDI ryes. There's also a hint of oregano. The palate is the LDI rye spice box, bold and flavorful as ever. By the late palate, mint dominates. The finish is a tongue-numbing mint.
Nose has some faint vanilla and faint peanuts. Palate is massively "smooth" and very drinkable. Ah, Tennessee whiskey. Most of what was here vanishes pretty quickly in the finish, with the thematics lingering extremely faintly for longer. This is a hard whiskey to argue with given that the distillers achieved exactly what they were going for, and given that lots of people would really like this. I like it too, but the Dickel no. 12 is more enjoyable by my palate. This has more oak on it, and is drier - I like that sweet honey-nut tang of No. 12 more than the mild tannins here. Though this does have better staying power when drank at length.
The nose has that nice Dickel woodiness.
The palate opens well with wood planks but then it develops a diluted quality and water seems to drown out the flavor.
The finish brings back some of the wood and some maple syrup, but the whole thing doesn't come together very well.
At this alcohol content, I can't imagine this is intended to be drank or even nosed like this.
Attempting it is fun, especially to feel deliciousness evaporating off tongue… except for the somewhat scorching alcohol immediately following.
Water turns this into a tasty bourbon, oaky yummy bourbony fun. On the rocks it turns to magic - these Staggs are the only thing that I wholeheartedly insist should be drank that way.
Rich, sweet, exciting bourbon. Warm, vanilla, fruit and great to drink.
This was new to me, but where have I been? Rich, luscious and sweet. Way too good on ice. A dangerous summer drink. But a great one.
Yep, this year's Stagg is still excellent. I thought the '07 had a little more complexity and depth, and was sweeter. Of course, Stagg is always a sweet and rich bourbon, so I may be splitting hairs here... It's still gosh darn great, gosh darnit!
Truly excellent, stellar bourbon. The best Stagg to date, in my opinion. If you're not familiar with the yearly Stagg releases, it's a powerhouse freight-train of a bourbon from Buffalo Trace, part of their "Antique Collection." I've always found it impossible to drink at bottle proof, but with a couple ice cubes Stagg turns into pure magic. This year's release is quite sweet - sweeter than last year - with a greater toffee/candy character that I find extremely delightful. My notes read, "all about sweet, deep, rich toffee and brown sugar." Checking BT's official tasting notes, they say: "toffee, molasses, vanilla, and coffee." Yep, though the coffee is arguably fleeting. Molasses is the word of the day here. Buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. Massively recommended for all those who like their bourbon rich, strong, and sweet.
Yep, I'll second that motion, a stellar bourbon.
Massive cherry and oak flavor with unique minor notes I typically only find in long aged sherry cask single malts.
The nose dances with candy corn, caramel and woody notes.
The first small sip explodes with the flavors the name is known for: leather, wood, the old wood paneled study in the back of the house that you imagine yourfatherwould have worked at while he smoked hispipe if you had been a child of that era when fathers smoked pipes while they worked in wood paneled studies. Strangely, this version isquite sippable neat, even at its full strength, and while adding water is the sane thing to do, it really shouldn't be done as it brings out a mildew and chewiness which interrupts theessential, if simplistic perfection of this year's Stagg.
Deep amber color. Powerful/rich nose that has vanilla, oak and caramel. The palate is delicous with chocolate, caramel, vanilla, sugar and is extremely rich/sweet. It is a tad bitter-sweet though. The finish is excellent. I agree this is not as good as prior releases, but is still exceptional. A few drops of water help.
Burnt chocolate, dark cherry, eucalyptus smoke and sweet buttered corn.
Old leather and wood. A little less expressive on the palate but it retains the sweet corn syrup foundation. A bit of rye spice emerges mid palate and finishes with mulling spices. Medium mouthfeel initially that dries out.
My least favorite of the lot. The nose was somewhat bland with oak and spice. The palate didn't have the oomph I was expecting, wasn't rich and even seemed a little bitter to me. I'm being overly harsh, but I think this one missed the boat.
I kinda like it. I mean for $12 a bottle - um, jar - what do you really have to complain about? Unique aspects balance out the untamed youth, and a fun novelty for sure.
I've had much better 'shine from a mason jar.
This seemed like raw new make.
I hope they didn't try to age it in the jar.
For a liquor that can't legally be distilled in a radiator, I expected better.
Lush, inviting nose.
Warm, sweet peanut brittle with vanilla and coconut-scented tanning lotion.
Nice texture and it's pretty smooth.
The vanilla and coconut sweetness transfers onto the palate with some young plum giving it a bit of tartness.
Gets a bit grassy as it sits and has finishes with bits o honey and salt.
Buttery, coconut oil and pretty fruity.
Get spicy on the palate and has a fair bit of wood, but its not overwhelming.
Better on the nose than on the palate.
The nose on this reminds me of sun tan oil.
Fruity nose with vanilla, honey, caramel, coconut. Palate repeats the previous, mostly a fruity-cocounut number, with good dose of wood, but not too much. In the finish, cinnamon-ish spice moves to the forefront with cocounut tones lingering. Interesting to try, but not to buy.
Thick sweet nose with a woody, milky palate.
Unfortunately, the finish was bitter and somewhat unpleasant.
Beautifully packaged, though.
This has a sweet floral nose and palate. But the smells/flavors almost seem artificial. Much like the floral scentsput into soaps and detergents. Very thin and no distinct finish.
Nose is quite fruity, with notable apple and dried fruit and dry white wine. Some herbal notes and mild grass. Slighter notes of vanilla and wood, and nuts. The palate is sweet and salty and powerful - wow. Fruit notes, a very strong herbal presence with grass notes, and spice. Dry white wine again. This is balanced and clean and delicious, and a rolling timpani crescendo. A smooth entry builds to fireworks in the finish, which is long and great. Salty floral herbal delicious fireworks, and the impressive roll of flavors makes me love whisky all over again.
Oaky, big, bold, and really good.
Light peat, floral finish.
The nose is sweet and floral, light and perfumed. The flavor is medicinal, soapy, a bit of a chemical taste. If I really concentrate, I get some fruit, maybe apple cider, and some herbal notes, but I keep coming back to soap which lasts into the finish.
Eeeewww. So lavender soapy it is simply sickening... Needs about 2 more decades in wood... Please.
Okay sherry-spice dealio. What's with all the hot alcohol in the finish? This would be decent without it.
Makes my face turn ugly(er).
Tastes like shit.
Light and flowery. Pleases but doesn't necessarily impress. A good to start with but a bad choice to end with.
Nose of watermelon and green apple Jolly Ranchers. Slight honey-vanilla-almond background. Palate is fruity and very mild. The flavor totally changes once the finish is underway, and it gradually becomes entirely peppery in a disappointing way given what came before. Drat.
Sweet, slightly acidic nose. Hints of vanilla, chocolate, fruit, but nothing more than that, and flavor disappears quickly before coming back with a warm, non-descript finish. This is not characteristic of Glen Elgin, and not memorable at all.
Bold and medicinal.
Syrupy, mapley, but not maple syrupy.
Cough syrup consistency. Syrupy. Sweet. Caramel. Dessert scotch. Make a cake with this scotch. Candy store.
Every once in a while a sherry monster comes along that has immense sherry but isn't overly sweet, dry and bitter, or blighted by old age woodiness.
This is one of them.
Real nice stuff.
I had this after everyone else at LAWS raved about it. How could it live up? Well, it exceeded the raving. WOW! Nose is sweet cinnamon rolls, Hubba Bubba, complex. I can't describe it all. Palate: wow! Yummy. Rich toffee. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Corn bread, maple syrup, rich and viscous, flourless chocolate cake, a little burnt banana bread. Finish: Yes!
Overwhelming nose, blackberry nose, maple, woody.
Sherry nose. Cask strength, medicinal, good finish, not peaty. I'm a fan. Really good. Think of sipping by fire at the end of the night.
Sherry, port nose; taste is caramel, strong; finish is full and woody; fantastic all around.
Woody! Sweet/rich. Yum! Fantastic.
Boozy, sherry/fruit, honey nose, taste - caramel, blackberry/medicinal, syrupy, finish - smooth, a bit woody, very, very long, overall - likely cask strength, improves with a splash of water. Excellent!
Spicy and stale water with a suphery finish.
This is actually a really nice whisky, a burst of fall fruits with a citrus lining. Flavors are on the lighter side, but at 61% ABV power, if that makes sense. Water improves this and highlights a cinnamon and clove finish. Great whisky.
Nose is tart, with orchard fruits, some mustiness, light cider. Palate is rather watery but good, one of those no-peat-no-sherry-mainly-spice Scotches that you've likely tasted something similar to before. Finish amps up the previous at length. A likeable whisky that just needs more character.
Enjoyable nose and taste - but the finish ruins the whole party after a nice ride up. Complicatedly gross finish.
Finished smooth then bam. And not bam in the good way. Like the biting tinfoil bam. There we go.
No nose at all for me.
Smooth drinking, though.
Has a weird, but subtle aftertaste.
Like feet.
Can't tell if that's a good thing or not yet.
After retasting, I assign it the term "uneventful."
Nose: meh. Flavor: smokey and blah. Finish: Mediciney and dank.
Sea air and smoke, soapy tobbaco aftertaste.
Bad wood.
Slight, sweet, cotton candy nose.
Palate is odd - begins easy and smooth, then turns rank.
Finish is a long, odd aftertaste - like wet wood with hints of medicinal cherry. And yet, I don't hate it.
Very thin nose. This is pretty smooth, a slight sweetness at first, and then out of nowhere it really explodes on the palate. Unfortunately, "explosion" is the accurate descriptor here - you're now drinking liquid ashes. And not in a good, peaty way. This tastes bad. AH's ashtray description is spot-on. I would not choose to drink this, particularly at this price point.
Malt, honeysuckle, moss, and lavender.
Plant extract, very organic.
Very unique, but not really to my taste.
The "worth trying" aspect keeps it in the B range.
Butterscotch and caramel.
Others told me I should smell some peat... I smelled none.
Palate was very light and very soft - extremely easy drinking.
Finish was very soft and fleeting.
I like this the way I like my Glenfiddich 12. It's not remarkable, but it's tasty in an approachable and basic way. Sweet and honeyed, very vanilla, with lots of bubblegum and fruity stuff.
Unremarkable nose and palate, but finishes with unusual earthiness.
Nose of citrus and vanilla. Palate is watery, with light spice, caramel, and somewhat nutty. Finish gets a little hot. This isn't magic or remarkable, but it's decent and very drinkable.
A fantastic nose that doesn't quite follow through to the palate. But the palate's still great, mainly big varied dried fruits. Sherry sherry sherry! Plus a complexity that keeps offering more to discover.
Spicy... Kind of reminds me of Macallan Cask Strength, but more subtle.
Takes water well and is best that way.
Like Stonehenge.
This is F'in tasty!
The palate is spicy and chocolatey, with big sherry.
Long finish.
Great!
Mulling spices in the nice, with unmistakeable cinnamon. Palate... Ooh, a lot of rich activity. Chocolatey, nutty, port-y and cough syrupy. Finish continues this, with nutty notes on the final fade. Water improves the whiskey, but doesn't fix the flaws.
I agree with Fuji's assessment, the style is much more Caperdonich than Glen Grant.
Many years in a refill cask have given this lots of character, with plenty of sweet soft fruits and some tea notes.
Very good.
I never understood the concept of "weak-in-the-knees" until I tried this scotch. It makes me drop to the floor. This malt tastes better off my fingers than most malts taste in a glass. The nose is like a sticking my face in a flower and candy shop. I've actually balked at drinking this with the malt nearly to my lips because I wanted to continue nosing. A taste, however, is like ascending toward a sherried heaven. I have daydreams about this scotch. Drinking this scotch is my new goal in life.
Hot. Peaty. Thick barrel taste. Top note of sherry.
Incredible nose with strong perfect sherry and sweet fruits mixed with spices.
Just how I like um.
I tried this right after the Caperdonich and it got that much better.
The palate is wonderful and spicy. The sherry does not overpower the fruits and the spice is perfect.
After I found out this was Glen Grant, I am convinced that it shall be on my personal top five distilleries from now on.
Sherry nose.
I like, but something is off-putting in the nose that keeps it from the A range.
Silly sweet big sherry ass-kicker.
A sweet nose of candy, slightly medicinal. Sweet and spicy on the palate, some black pepper, great sherried sweetness and a bit malty, but also thin. A long but unexceptional finish. Very good, not great.
Nose is spicy, oaty, grassy, and with some sort of huffable solvent. Palate is basically as the nose advertises, with prominent spice. Water opens up greater sweetness and depth and herbal grassyness.
Finish continues the theme with pepper. Approved.
Nose of butter and orange zest. Strong alcohol. Very citrusy with water. Grapefruit and maraschino cherry.
Not much on the nose.
Strong, pucker-inducing palate, but not entirely unpleasant.
Water opens up some nice spice but no radical change in flavor.
The finish?
"Long, strong and bound to get the friction on."
Light natural wood flavor, remarkably soft palate that floats in the mouth like a cloud.
This is an awesome nose, velvety smooth luxurious fruity sweetness. I could sit here and dissect this but I just don't want to because there's too much goodness. Wow the palate is quite aggressive starting off with a sharp salty citrus kick. The delicate fruity sweetness emerges after the initial attack and gives you something to savor. There's a long mentholated waxy finish sticks making it quite refreshing. Good stuff!
Cocoa powder, iced lemon tea and candle wax. It's more like lemon meringue on the palate with some tartness that contrasts the light sweetness. Just a bit of peat as well.
Sweet, rich, and very sherried and quite delicious. It's rather one-or-two dimensional, but I love those couple dimensions. All these old 70's Glen Grant casks seem to approach over-sherried, and this does as well, but it doesn't bug me so much. Sort of a dessert whisky, or maybe a read-a-book-in-your-study whisky, or just something sweet and rich.
Nice mix of sherry fruit and tropical fruit. Dry firewood and oakiness. A bit dry on the palate.
Rich sherry and spice. The wood is almost too much, but it stays managed. Finish is long and more of the same. It's a sherry monster through-and-through, but may be too much so for my tastes.
Heavy cream and caramel. Light and easy. Soft hay and grass notes.
Short finish except for the warmth.
Not much else to say.
Rather similar to so many others.
Seems like it was finished in a wine cask.
Pepperyness lingers in the finish but the flavors don't.
Thin.
Seems awfully boring for a 25 year old <cough cough fifth fill cough>.
I likes my Grants in sherry!
Absolute shit.
It's like a cheap plastic bottle blend drunk in a dirty closet.
Another nice sweet candy malt. The nose is berries and sugar. Palate turns to sweet candy licorice. Then a little sugar cane. This is a dessert malt for sure.
Nose of wine and sherry. A little spice in the palate. Not much in the finish. Simple and fine whisky.
Spring flower, sherry nose.
Grassy band-aid, buttery oil.
Faint yellow color. The nost is very light and sweet grain is a predominant note. On the tongue was extremely bitter, tasted of soap and was really funky.
Left an undesireable taste mid-palate. I had high hopes, but just couldn't handle the bitterness.
Nose is fruity, bright, and floral. Palate is sweet and tasty, malty, and kind of has a "pink" maybe-fruity aspect to it. Wheat toast and plain spice too. Medium-length finish continues the theme. Gets less interesting as the glass drains. Nothing to dance about, but it's inoffensive and agreeable.
Kind of a a fruity winey thing going on, nothing stands out but it's pretty tasty all the same.
This isn't the one called "pears and licorice," but I definitely found those in here. An okay and somewhat exciting whisky.
Has a sweet fruity taste for a split second then seizes the tongue and seems to strangle it, finally leaving the tongue vibrating like a bad note on a tuba. At a higher percentage this could be used in dentistry.
Kind of hot and plain, with noticeable aspects of light sweetness and a sort of sweet-cinnamon-spice. Finish is medium, very dry, with dry white wine. Water changes this and seems to improve it, mainly accentuating the sweet/apple/light spice while barely lowering the heat.
Oak and vanilla on the nose. Initially in the mouth it is VERY rich, oaky, and slightly floral. Lots of mouthfeel. This dissipates and then it just goes away, there's simply no finish to speak of. If the initial flavor didn't dissapear so quickly, I would have enjoyed this. As it is, pretty average.
Dense tropical fruit bomb with menthol and powdered sugar. I didn't spend too much time taking notes as this is one of the best Glen Morays I have tasted.
Nose of anise/fennel. Palate is very light and super-drinkable, with anise again. The other dimensions here other than the anise round it out well enough - though it's very light - but anise holds the stage. Finish is long.
Nose of apricots.
Spicy fruit, red licorice, smoke, great mouth feel.
Oaky and fruity nose with slight farmyard. Palate is a bit rough, but delivers a big bright fruity kick. I really like this profile in general - just clean whisky and wood. The casks seems slightly past its prime, but it's still pretty tasty.
Lively!
Fruity.
Maybe cherry.
Great stuff.
Nose of honey, cashews, peanuts. The palate packs a nice surprise in a burst of flavor. Powdered-sugar sweetness sprinkled over a basket of bright fruits - take your pick, it's probably in here. Those fruits are really nicely opposed by herbs and spices like cinnamon, and every now and then I get some oregano. Neat! Lots of vanilla and honey. Water makes it more, let's say "drinkable," and brings out the nuttier notes. Yum!!!
Nose is fruity, candy, cherry, and a light glue aroma. Palate is creme brulee on angel food cake. Finish is a little dirty. OK before dinner. Not amazing, but a nice lighter whisky.
Nose of light caramel, apples, indoor swimming pool, and oak. Palate is yummy. Caramel apples in a cask-strength rush of tastyness. Yet the flavor itself isn't majorly intense - meaning that while the flavors that are here definitely hit you strongly, those same flavors aren't very deep or strong in and of themselves. Oak spice. Finish is long, with the spice becoming a bit more prominent, reminding me of red pepper flakes and cayenne. This takes water extremely well, opening up bigger fruit flavors and taming the heat, while losing nothing. In fact, I insist that you try this with a splash of water - for me, the effect is pronounced. Nothing remarkable or different in particular about this - except that it tastes really good!
This had the worst seat of the night going first... Little to compare it to.
I know others I respect have rated this very high... But I tasted it blind and again after I knew what it was and I am comfortable with my score.
The nose is sharp and creamy with green apples and spices from the wood.
Clearly older.
Palate is hot with sweet fruits and a bit grassy in the background/finish.
The finish is long with smooth sweets and that grassy tang.
Maybe the grass is what made me think this just didn't hit the A category.
A basic toffee-vanilla number, with maybe the slightest hint of smoke. It's actually rather tasty with a nice spice finish, but, hmm, well this sounds rather typical. I guess it is.
Sweet and easy with a lasting finish that could be less hot but doesn't ruin the experience.
Nose of light sherry, honey and fruit. Gental floral taste with a bit of an unpleasant, charcoal-ish finish.
The nose is grassy, lemon zest, grain, lemon bar. Very light. Palate is thin and light, but pleasant. Stays grassy, less citrus and sweetness. Water brings out lemon and gum drops. Helps the sweet minty quality come through the finish. . Considering its 17 years, $90, and the 14 is so much better, hard to recommend.
Nose has a lot of the bourbon barrel, oak, vanilla. Palate is light at first, then a flash of bourbon sweetness. Caramelized sugar and spice. Little bitter tannic quality, like tea or cinnamon candy. With water, the tannic quality fades. Builds slowly on the palate with hotness and sweetness. The whisky seems very light, and seems to have soaked up a lot of the bourbon barrel qualities. Great for a bourbon lover. It finishes hot, with a little mint candy, then turns to coffee grinds and sugar. All very light mouth feel, but just complex enough to be interesting.
Nose is super floral.
Hand sanitizer.
Taste is tangy, tire rubber, cheap perfume.
WOW is this fantastic. Super-fruity and deeply rich palate, with a spice-crescendo finish that also has a bit of a minty-fresh feeling. Yeah, that's kind of a typical description of a highly-sherried and very aged single malt, but this is the best embodiment of it. At least, one of the best that I've come across.
Apples and tobacco, in a mix that pops.
Nose of vanilla with slight leather, pine hints, and hazelnuts. That palate isn't what you'd expect - light, sweet-mild, and notably herbal and grassy. This builds, and the flavor really picks up in the finish, turning into interesting vanilla-caramel. Unique aspects.
Strong ryelike, tastes younger than it is, makes the nose wince.
Citrus and vanilla. Fruity, sweet, and somewhat malty. Creamy. The finish lingers with some spice entering. A fantastic blend.
Vanilla cake aspects, sweet, yum. Finishes rough though.
Malt and more malt - with a malty palate.
Apples and pears and malts, oh my…..
So much like so many others.
Nice but nothing to get excited about... Unless you really like malt in your malt.
Toffee.
Floral nose with grapes and something interesting I can't pinpoint.
Palate is sweet and smooth with some white wine.
Finish powers through with delicious malt.
Really enjoyable with some unique flavors.
Nose is honey, maple, sherry, cherry candy, chocolate, rather floral. The palate is dense and quite sweet, with lots of sherry and dried fruits, honey, some chocolate, coffee hints and bay leaves. Finish is medium-long and continues the theme. Water tames the fire and brings out spicier aspects, but still keeping this a very enjoyable whisky. A rich, sweet whisky to contemplate on a quiet evening.
Nose of fruitcake, this is a thick, very heavily-sherried whisky, that gives way to an overwhelming barley/malt finish. Unusual whiskey, but not particularly enjoyable.
Nose is salt and vinegar. Palate turns to cream and lemon. The finish goes back to salty. Not bad, but not amazing.
Nose is quite fruity and citrusy, with lemons and oranges. Also decent amounts of caramel, grass, and something like amaretto. The alcohol-y wisps make me nervous for the palate... But it's pretty good! Sweet and lightly fruity, with spices, and cashews. Fresh-cut grassy stuff in here for sure. Good balance between the sweetness, oak, and spice. The finish takes things up a level, adding almonds, cream, and chocolate milk. A good starter.
Nuts, butter, and a little spicy oak.
Finishes dry and clean.
A very inactive cask to have gone so long and be this light flavored and not over oaked.
If you like em' crisp and refreshing, this ones for you.
Ehhh. An easy-drinker for something so sherried, except it's not that great. Something that I'd be happy to find being served at a wedding, but I don't know that I'd seek it out otherwise.
Nose is fruity bubble gum, flowers. Palate is sweet and light, like valentine candy. Short light finish. Not much going on.
This defines what a good sherry whisky can be. Light and on the fruity side under the sherry sweetness. But plenty of flavor. Tastes like something older. Very smooth and a great finish.
What's that I smell? Sherry, sherry, sherry, and some whisky. The palate is rich sherry, of course, but in a way that's unique - not overly-rich, yet still "full," with very floral qualities. Finish continues the theme at length... And oh, is there good stuff to continue. Tastes more mature than 12 years. This is truly good whisky.
Very dark. Spicy bullion aromas, currants, dark cherries. The palate is lighter than the nose. Sweet mole sauce. Less fruit and more spices. Finish is peppery and bitter. Not a good bitter. Speculation is there is a lot of caramel coloring in here.
A muted nose with not too much sweetness, nice sherry notes and a touch of rubber.
On the palate is a drier sherry with malt in the background and chocolate notes.
Great sherry whisky. Nose is pure sherry - very pleasant, can't stop smelling it. Paper cement, cinnamon rolls, madeira. The palate is spicy sweet, strong alcohol, complex, grapefruit, blood orange, sweet tobacco, kerosene. Great. The finish is short. But you can just taste more to solve that problem. Smacks you with flavor.
Obvious, deep, rich sherry. That's what this is all about. There's some unmistakeable sulfur, but I'm not sure that it hurts anything here. Great stuff for the price... If it ever gets here!!
Strong sherry nose, with hints of alcohol. Highly-sherried, tastes younger than a 15 year old, with a short, caramel finish. Somewhat reminiscent of Mac 15.
Compared to the 15 Revival, this does not have as explosive a sherry nose. But it is still rich with sherry, and I actually like its refined but powerful flavors. The nose is like maple syrup on wheat pancakes. The palate is quite different. The 15 is very spicy and sweet, but the 18 is more dried fruit, caramel, and dark chocolate orange. Then a little bitter charcoal smoke, but pleasant. Something like what the very sherried Mortlachs have in the finish - long and satisfying. Selling for $60 overseas, it's a good bargain for the refined quality of the whisky. After dinner for sure. With dark chocolate truffles, it's hedonistic.
I've tried this on several occasions and it's a good malt but it never really leaves me wanting more.
Really nice nose.
It doesn't bang you over the head but it has deep sherry and deep, dark chocolate.
The plate starts with dry sherry followed by some metallic notes and then some botanicals, lasting into the finish, which are almost vermouth like.
Very nice.
A nose of alcohol and sherry, then very thin and surprisingly bitter. Some sherry, but not much going on, and followed by a non-descript finish. Certainly not bad, but I didn't enjoy this bottle.
Cinnamon, peppermint, menthol, light oak and many sweet tones under. The palate is powerful, little bitter quality, but more tawny port, currants, dark cherry candy. Finish is long and mouth coatingly rich. Like the scotch version of mulled wine, perfect for the holidays.
Simply put... One of the best things out there in the wide wide world of scotch. If you can find it!
Sweet caramel nose gives way to smooth and delicious, pleasant heat.
Short but sweet finish.
Really nice.
WOW!
Sweet sherry, young cherries and strawberries.
Leather and tobacco make up a good part of the nose.
Gets more minty on the palate with just the right amount of sweetness. Sticky on the palate with sweet fruits and raisins.
This is freaking awesome. Chocolate mixed with sherry and loads of tobacco. Leather and star anise give this added depth. A great lengthy finish. Strawberries and bitter chocolate.
Brand new Italian leather jacket... Mixed with prunes and un-sweetened raisins.
Deep oak resin and dark sherry goodness.
This was terrific - the nose is simply stellar.
It did not make the very top of my list but it was still excellent.
As I recall, This one is that much better.
Rich, deep copper color. Syrup and good sulfur on the nose. Really sets you up for a deep experience... Because the palate blew my mind when it switched gears into an explosion sherry bomb. Really complex though and flavors all over the place. Finish goes for miles.
Noses of dry tart sherry. Some hints of tobacco and fudge. More traditional dark sweet sherry fruit present on the palate. This is a bit too sherried. A wave of bitterness and wax appears on the finish.
Hay and barnyard whiffs in the nose, along with fruit and flowery notes. The palate delivers on the nose pleasantly, sweet scotchy smoky notes, with sweet... Farts? Finish lingers almost-long, with mouth-enveloping sweet-rich peppery and notable cedary-ness.
Nose is sweet cherry and strawberry. Palate is hot! Finish stays hot and spicy. Very Glendronachy.
This is classic Glendronach and some really great heavy sherry cask!
And finally a cask strength Glendronach!
This seems to have fixed the fleeting finish problem as well as it stayed with me for much longer than usual.
Love this and I will buy a couple of bottles.
SOmething more in this as well... Like strawberry puree... Yummy.
Very delicious sherry monster.
Deep red color. Funky nose with moldy cheese and subtle charcoal notes. The whisky enveloped my mouth with some more funk. Very nice pop. Overall good, not great.
Very chocolate nose. Sherry. Green apple. The chocolate is more subdued on the palate, with deep drid fruits, raisins. Very rich, syrupy, and enveloping. Very much what you'd expect for this pedigree and style. Great stuff.
White grapes.
Bitter resinous sherry notes. Old style sherry here. This is dense dark stuff with figs and black raisins. Lots of dry tobacco and cigar leaves. I liked it with water as more earthy herbal notes emerged.
Nose is port-like, dark berries, chocolate cherries. Palate is raisins and dates, molasses, With water, red cherries, gum drops and red punch. Finish is gum drop candy. Very smooth. Tasted blind among other Glendronachs, I liked it. Kinda preferred the 1968. Perhaps if I had it on its own against some non-sherried whiskies it would stand out more. Still very good.
Nose of cold dirty gas grill, pink lemonade. Palate is watery, lighter fluid, solvent, and goes down hill. Bitter and astringent finish. You could drink it and not die.
Caramel, vanilla, and malt. Easy, easy, easy and drinkable. I really thought this was Glenfiddich 12, and it has a lot in common with it. There's not a lot to celebrate here, but that's the point of this - it's just one of those very un-daring, yet gosh-I-just-can't-not-like-you single malts. Excellent price.
Malt, with mild caramel on the nose. On the palate, more malt, with a reasonably long finish. Nothing special.
The fourth time I've tried this, the fourth time I've been unimpressed. Sour.
Avoid.
Not worthy of more comment.
This is a very smooth, easy to drink malt. The nose is light with a little heather. The palate has honey and very light apricot. Classic Speyside characteristics. Like a slightly more oily, young Glen Grant. Good aperitif. Great price.
A sweet, fruity nose with hints of sherry. On the palate, there's a surprising bit of peat/smoke, totally unexpected, but it goes away and leaves spice and light flowers. Frankly, not sure what to make of this - completely different to the nose and on the palate. Good in both spots, but not great.
Nose is a mix of fruit punch, white wine, and some earthy aspects. Palate is kinda watery and strange, but interesting. Not what you'd expect from the nose. There are mostly grassy aspects, with some spice and malt, pretty dry. Finish is medium-length and continues the theme. There's not a lot to celebrate here, yet not much to dislike either. Taken neat I'm not sure I really get it, but this is one of those single malts I might recommend throwing on the rocks and enjoying over a long evening. And I don't mean that in a bad way.
Nose is a nice plum dessert of some sort.
The palate is thin and watery.
What a damn disappointment.
It seems to squirt between the teeth and never re-emerge.
The taste hints of water that has had crab legs boiling in it.
Classic thick oaky speyside.
Strong but one dimensional.
The finish hits hard but is too much without a bit of water.
Mellow, sweet, sherry nose. Lots of oak, some pepper, hints of cocoa and sherry. Mid-length nose, chewy, cocoa-ish finish. Solid, but nothing particularly special.
Nose is ice cream, very sweet. Palate. Mmmm. Sweet sorbet, bubble gum. Finish continues with the same light sweet flavors. Not rich and deep, but some wonderful subtleties.
Big. Meaty. Sherry.
Goodness.
That about sums it up for this one.
And salty.
And clean.
That about sums it up.
And...
Richly sherried nose, deeply grapey and plummy. The palate is thick with sherry and dark dried fruits, pretty syrupy. Man I like this! It's a massively rich sherry bomb, but not too obnoxious - the oak has balanced things out quite well. More facets to discover on every sip. Maybe it is a little obnoxious - obnoxiously good.
Sherry bomb with lots of mahogany, spice and dark fruit jams on the nose. Black grape juice and cherries on the palate complemented by herbal woody notes. It was drier on the palate than expected. Licorice and some smoke on the lengthy finish.
Nose of sherry/port, and grapey.
Palate is rich and continuing the theme of the nose, medium-sweet.
This goes through the finish consistently for a good while in a slow fade.
Exactly the same note through 100% of the journey.
Butterscotch, lemon, and cherry that sticks in the mouth like candy.
Yummy stuff!
Better thanmostof the older Farcli out there.
Don't believethe bad reviews!
Believe me!
Nose is initially rotten smelling, then some caramel, citrus, and marshmallow.
A deep sniff reveals something nasty, alkaline, and nostril burning.
Extremely hot, it burns so much that I taste little but a funny woodiness and alcohol.
Mouth burns for 30 seconds afterward.
Adding a little water does nothing, still bad.
Nose is rich sherry and big red gum. Palate has no off notes, lots of sweet and spiciness, with orange rind. Gets sweeter with water. Very nice. More big red and sweet peppers in the finish. Long time since I tried this but it's very good.
Nose of big caramel and toffee, with marshmallow. Somewhat floral, somewhat metallic. Palate - the big caramel's there again, on some sips I distinctly taste/smell caramel corn. There's also some vanilla, some sherry, and spice, and it's kind of tangy. Quite sweet too. Finish is long, with the spice and sweetness going. It's a hot one though, and water is good. I'm liking it.
Nose is intriguing! Cinnamon, toffee, grass/hay, and sulfur and smoke hints. The palate - this is a spice near-monster, but with other stuff that's cool and yummy. Sweet, sherry of course, with chocolate aspects. Finish continues the theme. Really powerful and flavorful malt.
Nose of candy oranges.
This is okay and drinkable, but it's kind of... Just... Plain old medium-rich sherried Scotchiness, average and expected in an average and expected way.
Finish loses whatever it had going for it, gets alcohol-y and plain.
I picked this bottle up in a random store, hoping secretly that Glenfarclas from the past would be far superior to the present.
Nope.
The nose is solventy with a faint whiff of sherry on something like sunflower seeds.
Palate is very bland and slightly sweet.
And I think OBE has contributed a slightly metallic taste and funny mouth feel.
Butterscotch in the nose, with cedar hints, sherry. Rich, malty. A great example of a sherried, balanced Scotch. Textbook in a good way. Finish has a surprise in it and is the best part.
Smells like glue, but not in a bad way, or maybe it's synthetic grape.
Malt and wood, dry.
Not much of a finish.
It's Ok.
Nose of figs, dried cherries, raisins, candied fruits... Strong sherry altogether, along with something that I swear is the smell of sweetly-spiced lamb chops. The palate - yum - this is just a classic, sherried Speyside. Massively drinkable, it's sherried at a significant level, but not so much as to be obnoxious. Spice cake, ginger, chocolate fudge. Anise on some sips. There's definitely some oak on this, but given the age, it tastes half as oaky as many single malts 10 years its junior. Finish continues the theme at length. There's nothing truly unique or magical going on here, or anything I haven't quite encountered before, it's just a quite exemplary Glenfarclas. A super-solid, extremely well-balanced treat.
Big resinous sherry notes.
Tangy black berry, licorice and loads of chocolate.
Chewy consistency with more of the same describe above with raisins and stewed fruits.
Long finish that really brings out the wood.
Bitter and sherried.
This is the first time a malt smelled like fresh cinnamon rolls. And I love that smell. Add oranges to that. On a second tasting, oxidation seemed to bring it toward peanut butter. The palate seems a bit of a let down, not that it is bad, but the nose is so amazing. Tastes of sherry, a little apple and cheese, and still the orange flavors. Moderately long finish turns to mulled wine flavors. I have always found Glenfarclas is much better when it gets over 25 years. This is another good example.
This is a delicious dance of coconuts, fruit juice, spice, and YUM. Very honeyed and quite sweet for the age. Tinges of sulfur and smoke. Gets more dry in the finish. A tasty treat.
Must retaste.
My kind of Sherry bomb!!
I called this as Glenfarclas when tasted blind and it is very classic old Glenfarclas.
Deep woody sherry on the nose with some resin and loads of chocolate.
A few of the old Macallan floral notes that come through in these.
I loved it.
Stagg-strength, super-sweet scotch.
The nose was egg nog served in a latex glove and would definitely open up even the most clogged nasal passages.
I'd actually be interested to try this with an ice cube or two fully melted in it.
Old Glenfarclas - the older the better. That has always been my experience. This is a classic. Nose is sherry with gasoline, bouillon and spice. The palate is quite hot, spice and pepper. The finish stays spicy. Rather simple flavor profile, but just awesome at what it does.
Sweet and candied all around.
All the goodness of sherry.
A pretty straightforward sherried Glenfarclas with some malty notes behind the sherry on the palate.
A bit flat and could use higher proof buta nice overall malt.
Hello sherry, but it's not obnoxiously in your face. Plummy and grapey and really delicious. The ABV keeps this very drinkable and, uh, well, I want more-able. Interestingly, the 1974 was a sort of "follow up" to the 1968, but I like the 1974 significantly more, due in no small part to it being cask strength and this being 43%.
Dark blood red color. Sweet sherry notes and a sherry bomb all around. I get a lot in this one, besides the usual sherry elements, including licorice and a fair amount of wood. Really lingers on the roof of the mouth for what seems like an eternity.
Resinous, waxy sherry bomb nose. Lots of stuff here: red apple gummy candy, tobacco, leather, menthol, and spicy mint. The richness and complexity continues onto the palate. Its bitter sweet with prunes, raisins, blackberry, cherry, and dark chocolate. Leather and tobacco linger on the finish. Easy to drink and delicious.
Open it immediately if you have a bottle.
Its great!
Geez, had this at a major tasting.
Just a great sherried whisky.
Burp.
A richly layered figgy sherried malt, full bodied but with a lightness in the finish that draws you back for more.
A very enjoyable old Farclas.
Deep dark red and golden color. A rich, sherried, fruity and carmalized nose. Very strong. The palate is complex and wonderful, with honey, fruit, citrus, oak, and a little light smoke. The finish is long and herby, with toasted oak, spice and a nice pop in the middle of my mouth. Lingers for awhile.
Intense sherry, oak and vanilla. Fantastic and delicious.
The sweet sherry fruits is present but its not an over the top sherry monster.
I smell apple gummy candy here.
The sherry follows suit on the palate with nuttiness and some bitterness giving it added depth.
Lot of citrus in the nose, Bit o' Honey.
Some wet stone and mineral notes.
Great silky mouth feel, oaky and fruity.
Kinda simple, but quite enjoyable.
It would seem this is a bourbon cask Glenfarclas, I don't think I've had one before.
Light golden color. Sweet and balanced nose. Fruity and floral on my tongue. Shorty and whispery finish. Eminently drinkable. I've always been in the minority of really liking this release over the 1970 farclas released by K&L around the same time. I always go back for this one.
Strangely very little sherry here, if any. More on the metallic mineral water side. Dilute sweet tea and preserved citrus peel. Still strange on the palate. Sour Bosc pear rind, kiwi skin and flat sparkling mineral water.
Finishes withe the bitterness of white tea.
A nice big sherry monster in the sweet and fruity style, stood out as very powerful when tasted amonst other sherry casks.
Great!
Red gummy bears, lots of wood, sweet cake and coffee. It finishes nicely with burnt wood and dark chocolate. A great representation of a young farc.
Honey, caramel, and vanilla nose - yeah I know that sounds kinda standard... But that's what I get. And compared to that nose, the palate is a bit of an explosion, with lots of warming, mulling spices. Caramel-toffee-vanilla-creamy delight. This is a rather exemplary, textbook sherry-spice single malt.
Nose of distinct honey mustard that's distinct and strong. Some varnish and a wisp of skunk. Palate is a sort of bizarre honey-sweetness mixed with dancing assorted spices. Finishes as before, quite long, with minty notes, and skunk hints again. An elegant yet not-so-restrained whisky, and a whirlwind of fantastic and strange spice-mint-organic-animal flavors and scents.
I'm a rather big fan of regular Glenfiddich 12 - it often gets a bashing from whisky snobs for being so commonplace and relatively simple - but it's a solid and pleasing if not amazing single malt. And although I'd imagine myself to enjoy a higher-strength cousin, I don't like this one particularly more than my standby 12. Nose basically gives me caramel. Palate is pleasant with tinges of apples and chocolate, and generally light caramel and vanilla tones... Not a whole lot there, really. Some general spices in the medium-length finish. It's strange, there's a cask-strength-like fullness to the limited flavors and body/feel of this, yet not a lot behind it... If that makes sense. Certainly a likable whisky, though.
Very sweet and malty with indistinct fruits.
For me one of the classic, simple all around whisky tastes that I compare most malts to that are not sherried or peated.
Nose is simple vanilla and classic bourbon cask notes.
Palate is simply easy and drinkable and not in any way a stand-out.
But then again... That is what it is supposed to be...
I return to my first ever malt.
For years, this was the only whisky I drank.
Now, I pretty much only drink it in the airport.
The nose is sweet and fruity with fruit cocktail.
The palate reminds me why I drank it for so long, sweet, malty and extremely drinkable.
Good whisky, worth trying.
Nice sweets added to the basic 12 year.
A notch above and better but still on the entry level side of whisky.
I really wanted to like this more, but Glenfiddich does not seem to gain much from aging. Not bad. Not worth $250.
Notes pending.
This smells really, really yummy. Honey, barley, some sherry, and cloves. The palate delivers on the yum. Yum! Easy-drinking, yet full of flavor. Mainly moderate sherry, honey, and very light spice... That doesn't sound like much, but what's here works very well. Semi-dry. Finish is long, warming, and never hot. This is one I kept having to retaste, and never could quite put a finger on what it is I like about it... But I like it!
When this was tasted blind, I never would have thought that it was 30 years old.
It was still light and fruity and had some oak vanillas but not like most 30 year olds I have had.
It was good and solid whisky but nothing special at all.
I would have said it was mid-teens at best and not worth the price tag.
I'm a pretty big fan of Glenfiddich 12. It's no revelatory malt, but I always enjoy it. Snow Phoenix tastes like the 12 bumped up in intensity, basically, so I dig it even more. Fruity, malty, honey-vanilla 'Fiddich at cask strength, with some added depth that probably comes from the higher sherry barrel content.
A rather light nose with honey and acetone. Palate is kind of nondescript... Spice with mild sweetness, generic. This continues in the finish with drying, bitter blandness, and spice.
Nose seems kind absent, no wait it's there, light honeycomb and smoke.
Palate is smokey and fruity, some spice swells up at the finish.
Satisfying.
Harsh cheap grappa.
Warped fruitiness.
Stick it in a wood dammit!
Lightly sweet and grassy, melow, but not simple - a very pleasant finish lingers for quite some time. An excellent expression of this style of whisky.
Solid nose that says it is an old spicy bourbon barrel.
The palate has some more chocolatey notes that were a bit surprizing.
Weak finish that should have been longer.
Overall this is a solid B whisky.
I likey.
Some nice fruity stuff with some tobacco and tea-like notes that balance out the big sweetness.
Sweet sherry with a dash of smoke on the nose. On the palate there's spice, sherry, and oak. Pleasant enough.
Syrupy, grapey, cherries, raisins, yum!
Glengoyne is one of those distilleries I feel I have not tried enough, and each time I do I'm reminded why.
It's the spice.
Glengoyne has this very unusual vegetal spiciness and this one brings it to perfection.
A total spicefest combined with refreshing citrus.
Very sweet and candied withcotton candy, sweet vanilla and and light floral notes.
Wow this nose is amazing.
It's very rich and layered.
There's a nice balance of dark fruits mixed with dark chocolate, smoke and black tea.
Somewhere in there I got a nice little zing of raspberries.
The palate is much the same with dates, tobacco and the char from burnt toast or burnt sugar. Theres a great long finish that is massive on dark preserved fruits with mints and black peppers.
Stunning!
Interesting spice and mild sweetness, with some sulfur. I taste distinct hints of curry in the finish. Water improves this, and heightens and distinguishes the spices.
Nothing special about this whisky.
My least favorite out of the La Maison Du Whisky group.
Worth trying for the complex finish. But overall not special enough to justify the price.
Very dark whiskey, this has a strong sherry-vanilla nose.
Initially thick, similar to cough syrup. Rich, chewy, light chocolate, and sherry. However, those flavors dissapear and leave a flash of alcohol. Overall this was reasonably enjoyable, but the pieces just don't fit well together, and there are many better expressions of this style.
Like lickin' the cask!
Deep flavor.
The best Glengoyne I know of.
Woody, a bit too much of it adds bitterness that keeps the rating down.
Wow, a super-syrupy nose! Sherry of course. Yummy, yummy richness. This bottle will be killed quickly.
Yumtastic.
This is from heaven.
Fiery and sweet.
Really burns more than it should, 43% is usually like water to me - is that a good thing to admit?
What the hell was all that about?
Nose is straw, hay, cereal. The palate is like a still room, lots of wood. Finish gets salty and woody, little lemon citrus, astringent in an appealing way. This got me into single malts many years ago. Still like it.
Vanilla and white/yellow cake, wheat, mild spice. Sweet and good and great. Yep!
Oh man, this is excellent! A great example of what scotch can be without being overwhelmed by smoke or sherry. It's all about really nice spices and white tree fruits. "Middle of the road" as the range of scotch flavors go, but in the best of ways. My only criticism is that the pricing could be better, but as a consumer, I'm gonna say that pretty frequently. Get it while it lasts, this is exciting whisky.
A very sweet and candied nose. The sweetness is reminiscent of sugars caramelizing while banking a fruit pie.
There's lots of green stuff here and a touch of sherry on the palate. It sticks to your tongue too! Reminds of fruit flavored gum after chewing it for some time. Nice and tasty.
Better than the Fiddich 12 but not a whole lot.
I like the bubblegum sherry notes even though there really isn't much sherry in it.
However, I always wonder why I would bother with the 12 when the 18 is not much pricier but certainly better.
Glenlivit 12 was the first single malt I ever had. It was years before I bothered with another. It still makes my nostrils curl violently. Go for a blend with your $20. Good for a prank on an enemy.
Light yellow-orange color. Nose is flogral and light, earthy and full of apples. The palate is slightly bitter and earthy. I don't like the aftertaste this dram leaves.
Lots of fruits and gummy sweetness.
But it seems kind of artificial.
Its not as good as the older bottlings of livet 12 which tend to be more malty and even have whiffs of peat.
The nose is slight, with lemon cake. The palate is sweet with some sugar. The finish brings out a little wood. Better as an aperitif, or afternoon malt. Very light and delicate.
Aroma is very vanilla and oaky. Palate is gently fruity and easy-drinkin', yet still quite flavorful. Interesting sideshows of spice, along with something I can't describe.
Hmmm... Not really sure if this needed additional vanilla added at the end of its career...
The citrus hints were interesting so it made it different, which is what I suppose they are going for... Probably not worth the extra cash over the 12 year.
Sweet and light with fruits and caramel.
More of the wood comes through on the palate with pears, grapes and citrus.
Nose: Straight ahead Glenlivet malt with sweet sparkling wine and fruit in the background. Palate - sweet malt, somewhat flat and watery with not much character - tastes diluted; malt and some herbs on the finish. If I'm going to drink Livet, I'd rather drink the OB.
A potpourri of spices in the nose. Oranges.
Lean and crisp, with a splash of malt.
Nothing new in the finish.
Nose of citrus with floral notes and tea tree oil.
In the mouth it's complex spices and clove sweetness.
Finishes malty with some smoke, pepper, and ash.
Simple. Candied almonds. A good but predictable one dimensional scotch. Drinkable.
This used to be a very peachy malt. Seems to have more apricot in the nose now. Then a little spiced peaches on the palate. The nose is better. The finish does not linger too long. Not a bad 18 year old for the price. Seems less flavorful than what it was 5 years ago.
This was surprisingly tasty. Nice finish. Subtle nose. And for the price, it's a must have for any home bar.
Great Spring Flower nose, bitter finish that sticks to the top of the mouth, oily.
Aggressive woodiness that seeps into the toungue before hitting an herbal finish.
Nose is port like, with raisin bread toast. Great to just nose! Palate is cherries and butter. The finish is long, hot and deep. Mmmmmm.
The nose on this was spectacular.
Earthy nutty and fabulous sherry sweets.
The raisins are really noticeable and I heard someone say truffles which made sence considering the earthy nuts and sweets.
Unfortunately the palate just didn't hold up to the nose.
Still very good but I was thinking this was fantastic after the nose.
On a second taste... Yeah right... I might take this down a notch.
But it is certainly great whisky.
A sherry monster thru and thru. Raisins, dried fruit, and very rich. This takes water extremely well - try it in various levels - it opens up really nicely, becoming more gentle and revealing increasing spices like clove and basil. Long finish. What a tasty whiskey! I'd say if you find it for a reasonable price, snap up a few.
Stellar sherry monster Glenlivet!!
Interesting mingling on the palate of herbs, with fennel/anise making frequent but never dominating appearnaces. Sweet with unique aspects, yet doesn't really inspire a craving for more, which keeps the rating from rising.
Big Red gum and sweet butternut squash fills the palate in an intense but uncloying way that commands a smile. The spicy finish is nice and long too. A hair better than the 1972 and my favorite cellar collection so far.
Cashews, roasted nuts, and loads of cinnamon.
Really nice and lots to enjoy.
After several head to heads with the 1972, the '72 may have won out... Maybe.
Nose is sherry and greenish. The palate has big red gum, spice, licorice, and hot wood flavors. Better on the palate where the 25 is better on the nose. The finish is grassy, turing to the spice again. Complex. Fun to enjoy.
This was amazing. Truly a pleasure to take every sip. From start to finish it did everything absolutely wonderfully.
Nose is light basil, hot, fruity, cinnamon rolls. Mint and spice on the palate, like cilantro. Mints in the finish. Very interesting and unique. Worth trying for the unique flavors.
Nose is sweet, and I get a lot of Honey Nut Cheerios. Lots of strong grain/cereals/oatmeal stuff going on here, with cinnamon hints. The palate is what the nose advertised, and great: fruity, with delicate hints of spice, and some of that honey-nut thing coming in and out. Finish is lengthy, and mint enters here. What I found most interesting about this was that there were lighter but noticeable medicinal notes woven throughout, that really added dimension and enjoyability. YUM.
Sweet and flowery with lilacs and some butterscotch.
Very nice and I had a hard time deciding which I liked better... This or the 1969.
Nose had little to nothing in it.
Some soft fruits and malts way, way back but everything else was almost like vodka in my glass.
Palate was ... Nice and soft and, well, weak.
I wanted more of everything and got little.
What was there was fruity and classic bourbon barrel youngish watered down ... And plain.
Okay, it wasn't that bad but it wasn't anything to write too much about either.
Far too... Average.
Nose of honey and... Pepper?? Not much here. Palate is pleasant and nice, though mainly absent, Glenfiddich-y and Glenlivet-y, somewhat malty particularly in the finish, where some limes show up. Yet another one of these circa 1990 Cadenhead's bottlings that has little to say.
Tastes like apricot and boredom.
Light yellow gold color. Very light citrus notes and extremely faint sugar notes in the background. There is also some mild wood, but a lot of alcohol vapor. The palate has some oak and a touch of grass. It is bitter, especially in the back of the mouth. It took my palate a few minutes to adjust, because although the proof is not that high, it comes out pretty hot. Overall, I think they left it in the barrel a little too long. Big/long finish.
Nose of toffee, figs, and sherry. Palate is ooh, good. Caramel and toffee tastyness without being heavy. Moderately sweet, sherried, with a typical whisky spice profile, and full - yet it doesn't make me full-feeling. The sherried flavor is somewhat familiar, but in a very tasty and medium-rich way. If the finish didn't grow as dry as it does - becoming medium-bitter - this would be a much better single malt. I think this suffers from too much wood. Still good though.
A much more bright and exciting malt than the others.
All of the fruits and malts are there and some more of the Sherry which I like in these Glenlivets.
Better than the 18 but not worth the extra cash.
Fuity peach on the nose and palate. Livelier and less harsh than it's younger expressions.
Nose is thin, dark fruit. Palate has some bitter fruit flavors. Finsih is bitter dark chocolate. I was expecting more.
The spicy apple backbone from younger versions has been nicely layered with rich sherry notes.
Quite tasty.
A good, strong, sherry nose.
Cherry.
Some smoky notes, mild complexity.
Cinnamon nose. The palate is clove-cinnamon goodness.
Fruitish.
Long smooth finish.
Lame and too forward, no subtlety or surprises of Flava-Flav.
Rich sherry but simple.
Caramel nose. Hey, this isn't bad. Sort of a malty-toffee flavor, light and plain. Light spice and vanilla. Nothing remarkable here, but compared to some of the other "time machine" whiskies I've had in this tasting, this one is a relief.
A very chuggable yet simple fruity and malty bottle.
Nothing to get excited about but the oily un-chill filtered aspect is noticeable.
Buttered cornmeal with a peppery finish. The flavors are a bit too faint when compared with the actual alcohol. Not bad, but I doubt I'll see it on my shelf.
Frosting and bananas.
Lots of oooomph.
Tasty.
Nose is orange blossom, lemon. Palate continues with citrus and lot of the hot wood. Finish is hot and thin.
A very good spicy fruitastic Glenlivet...
Has a malty sweetness and then an explosion of fruits on the nore and a sharp spicy bite to the palate.
It lacks power and depth.
The finish is medium and a bit spicy.
Well done - wish there was more of it at the same price as the normal Nadurra.
This is great whisky. Nose of oranges, pineapple, coconut, vanilla, caramel. Palate delivers nicely on all of that, again with the citrus - oranges particularly, with some lemon. Good, mildly-gripping oak. This all gets bigger in the finish, which continues the theme in a long, slow fade. I always have been a fan of the 16-year Nadurra, and this one is even better. Yum!!
Nice bourbon taste, Strong, raw oakiness with hints of anise and raisins.
Nose of oranges, caramel, cotton candy, and toffee. There's also something like sesame candy, and something like traces of menthol. On the palate, there are deep cereal grains and light caramels, with a dusting of tangy spice. Finish is lengthy, continuing the theme in a slow fade. Really tasty, elegant stuff.
Oily sweet and nutty.
Lots of fruits of the red/darker intense flavors.
However, I could chug this one also.
Considering the cost, not really one I would want to guzzle.
Good stuff.
Rich sherry, chocolate orange, butter and vanilla on the nose. Palate is rich, raisin spice, chocolate and banana. Finish is smooth more of the same. Nice.
An enjoyable one note citrus affair, oranges and a little solvent on the nose and a slightly tart lemon finish.
Goes down easy.
Big citrus zest, warm butter cream and sour green fruit. Nice maltiness mixed with wax, hay and fresh oak.
Warm, Christmassy citrus.
Apple and spice nose. Subtle cinnamon.
N: Fruity, delicate. P: Spicy, wood. F: Smooth, fruit, notes, pleasant.
N: Not too strong. T: Anise? Medicinal, malty. F: Somewhat bitter, short, alcoholy. O: Something's off, don’t like this.
Nice floral smell. Boring, feels like scotch, no more.
Sweet aroma. Sweet, spicy, fiery, alcoholic taste and finish. Apples. Kinda yummy on a cold night.
Sweet viscous malty nose with hints of citrus and powdered sugar. This has good density and oiliness and is quite nice.
Sweetish and spicy fruity highland style.
Not much of anything except some classic citrus.
A nice decent everyday dram.
One of those "every bar needs a bottle" kind of bottle.
I like most Madeira finishes and this is not any different.
The trouble is might be over-done.
It has a classic winey note with some sharpness that is too over-powering.
Good... But could have been so much better.
Nose is fruity, with apples, cotton candy, vanilla, floral notes, and hints of Burgundy wine. Palate is quite sweet initially, with various spices and vanilla tones. In the long finish, the whisky grows dry and peppery. This is an interesting single malt with a nondescript though enjoyable attack of sweetness, followed by a drying, long finish. Decent.
Nose is distinct - winey and grapey, with honey and solvent. Palate is moderately sweet; a somewhat bold malty-oaky creature. Some fruit and spice emerge, and maybe tobacco. Moderate finish. Rather whatever.
Porty sweetness that tastes similar to sherry but with more of the winey end tastes.
I like it for the most part.
I like the nose of classic young sherry.
The palate is just... Too much like everything plain on the market.
Balvenie Doublewood like for a lot more cash.
Plain and sort of a regular "Scotchy" flavor, meaning sort of Sherried and mildly mouth-filling and down-the middle. But not bad.
Reminds me of Johnnie Blue.
Smooth.
Finish disappears.
Where's the sherry?
Smooth but empty.
Sweet, floral nose.
Palate is sweet, caramel.
Candy finish.
Young, light sugar and marzipan.
Light alcohol.
Vanilla bean nose. Sweet palate, smooth. Toffee and Whoppers candy finish.
A nice sweet and oily nose. Lots of fruits, wax, and sweet molasses with a nutty finish. I agree: good but not very interesting.
All of the classic solid scotch goodness of the 10 year but with more fruits and more wood resin.
One of those bottle that I would always buy over the 10 year except that it is way too over-priced.
I did not factor price into my rating.
Sharp dry and crisp malty/grasy whisps.
Some tangy citrus that says Glenmo but also very unusual.
Not sure what to think really.
Maybe I think I should try this again...
Sugar coated yet the mouth feel is very dry, quite different from other Glenmorangies. It's like eating white cake frosting while drinking a dry white wine.
One hundred twenty proof white wine, that is.
Wacky.
Good.
The nose is pleasant and malty. The palate is very straight forward and malty. There is a slight oak note at midpalate along with citrus, honey, vanilla and sweet wine notes, and it has a sweet, chewy finish.
Well if you like Glenmo and you like sherried whisky, this might be for you.
You can certainly get the classic citrus Glenmo notes and then there are the classic sherry chocolate and cherries with a leather and plum palate.
Kind of like a blend of two not so great malts to get something that seems blended into a single not so great malt.
I thought it had lots of very sweet white wine notes on the nose.
Peaches and nectarines with tea on the palate and a light honey sweet finish.
Nothing offensive about this malt but I struggled to finish the bottle.
My favorite in this series.
The sweetness is sugary, not winey like the others.
I really like what they did with this.
I do recommend this.
Sweet and easy, simple but yummy. Too much heat in the finish.
Earthy and sweet with dark tea. Winey to start with mushrooms and soy sauce. Lots of wood with warm maple. Salty finish.
New version of the 12 year Portwood finish.
Doesn't seem younger and more deep in porty/winey grape flavors. Better but still not something I would seek out.
Sweetish nose of honey, malt, and acetone. Palate is tasty and rather sweet, medium spice, toffee, and some alcohol-y notes. Palate is medium short. This is decent and would be much-improved without the detracting alcohol-y stuff... But maybe whatever's causing that is where some of the tastyness comes from as well. Anyhow, it's decent whisky.
This was port like in many ways, and better than the old port finish, which was good. The new one is richer and darker. I like it. Lots of raisins, dates, figs. Wonderful sweet finish. Full body for a Glenmorangie. Made me into a new fan.
The nose is sweet and honeyed with some banana. It reminds me of Canadian Whisky or even Cognac more than malt. The flavor is sweet; the first sip reminds me again of a super-rich Canadian or maybe an American malt like Stranahan's. Then there is grain, and yes, some chocolate or mocha type flavors. There is a thick, rich mouthfeel that gives this whisky a certain weight. Then, at the end of the palate and continuing with the finish, there is malt, the pure, sweet malt that is the trademark of Glenmorangie.
Very interesting... I really like this as something I would try to have with cigars.
Very dark chocolate bitterness with some overly charred wood flavors but all in a good way.
Almost a coca-cola kind of spiceyness.
Very rich with oranges, burnt food, and other dark notes.
The mid-palate is a rather unusual and difficult to describe mix of wood and fruit flavors.
The finish, however, is very delicious, chocolaty, and brings you back for more.
I'm kinda on the fence with this one, the finish is really it's saving grace.
I think this whisky has it's place as a dessert, but not as something you'd drink too often.
Petri dish.
Didn't think too much of it though.
Not a lot here except a general, moderate sweetness, caramel, and alcohol. The short finish leaves a spiritous dryness that turns me off from wanting more, and keeps what could have been a pleasant easy-drinker far away from my "party" category.
Nose of toffee, sherry, and bubblegum. Palate is a floral burst that variates with caramel and light, tangy spices like red pepper. Finish is medium-length and continues the theme. This is a thoroughly enjoyable and slightly surprising Glenrothes.
Nose of turpentine, white wine, and floral aspects. The palate is an interesting medley of difficult-to-describe stuff - it's big, round and somewhat tart. There's a green mulchiness, grainy components, oranges, and spice. And it's really oily and lubricating in the mouth. This all continues in the finish for a good length. I could write pages of notes on this and still not describe it right.
Very light color. Crisp and sweet nose. Hints of citrus and spice, but very light mouthfeel. Short draw.
Diz got a real nize noze, very big caramel, opens up the nostrilz.
Palate is a little weak compared to the nose, frosted orange sugar cookie.
Long finish.
Nose of acetone, cashews, caramel, and peanut brittle. Palate - yum! Kind of a mix of spice, nuts, and vanilla, and mildly sweet. Finish gets a bit rough and is fleetingly boozy, but I stay pleased. Although I find that Glenrothes is lately bottling pee, their older stuff including this indie is damn tasty.
Fruity nose, with oranges, sherry, and vanilla. Palate is sweet vanilla, hard candies, tasty, and fruity. Liner notes on this one mention grapefruit, and that's spot-on, grapefruit is definitely all over this. It seems kinda hot for 43%, but I like it quite a bit.
A burst of sweetness in the nose followed by notes of sherry. The sweetness is reminiscent of toasted brown sugar or grilled sugar cane. Lots of butter cream and soft peaches as well. This is like dessert. The sherry isn't the liveliest but it is still adds good dimension by way of baked fruit pie. A metallic tinge on the nose is present which is much like Ti Kuan Yin tea. Much more fruit on the palate: pear, apple, peaches. The sherry tastes a bit tired but gives it sweetness. Good texture that coats the palate initially but quickly becomes astringent leaving a crisp tartness and some fudge. There is a good bitterness on the finish: lime skins and dark green raw vegetables.
Nose has that thing going on that often turns me off to this distillery, a sort of sickly-sweet scent, with fart tinges. But the palate is tasty, a nice mix of spices and oranges, traces of clove and maybe cumin, quite sweet. Spice increases some in the finish. I like it.
The typical signature citrus is there but this malt manages to be mellower of some of the harsher flavors I sometimes get from Glenrothes.
Tad sweet.
This was #10 for the night so more details would be pointless.
I definitely was surpised I liked this though.
Church wine and strong oak, reminds me of the Compass Box Oak Cross.
Dry at first and then a sweet fruity finish.
Light and refreshing.
Citrus and paint thinner.
This was disappointing in that not only is it bad, but it also doesn't differentiate itself from the cheaper dumpy Glenrothes bottlings.
This was a lazy choice for an independent bottler.
Nose of honey mustard and rubbery sherry. Palate is rubbery, with red and white wine notes, spice, and sherry. Water brings out sweeter notes and heightens the spice. Finishes with the spice in the forefront. A decent but not spectacular semi-rich sippin-scotch of the sherried-but-no-magic variety.
Un-Glenrothes-y. One of the least offensive younger Glenrothes I've tried. In case that didn't get my point across, I do not like Glenrothes much.
The nose puts me off, smells like a charcoal filter soaked with spoiled fruit juice.
The taste is fruity and pleasant, but oily.
Nose is Glenrothesy. I am worried. There's that characteristic tinge of farts that, with Glenrothes, I find often ends up tasting like farts. Okay, time for a sip... YAY!!! I just found a great, young Glenrothes that I actually like! It's sweet and makes me feel good, with light spice, apricots and various other dried fruits, citrus and oranges. Finish is lengthy, tasty, and stays bright. What was initially farty in the nose now works as part of the experience. The best young Glenrothes I've had to date. I actually want a bottle.
Oh, that nasty young Glenrothes nose of rotten vegetables.
Tastes the same. Eck.
I was given this bottle as a gift.
The gift-giver is no longer my friend...
Some of the worst swill I have ever had the unfortunate experience to try.
I would not recommend it except that I hear that there are some individuals who enjoy this profile.
My dog has produced better smelling liquids.
Although I have little experience in tasting urine, I completely agree.
N: Fruity, with that typical over-ripe Glenrothes thing going on.
Thick and oily, but with a better flavor than the 1991. Not bad.
Nose of fresh horse urine with a sickly-sweet and vinegary palate that I do not like at all.
Oh it's not really that bad.
It's not really that good, either.
If you were to search for notes you might notice honey and a bit of lemon.
Better than a bad blend.
Worse than a good blend.
Sounds and tastes like a C to me.
Nose of soap, Play-Do, yellow cake, and tangerine hand soap. The palate ain't bad, though it's weird, with distinct yet unplaceable flavors of a fruity-synthetic nature. The finish is where the problems are here, it gets too bitter, drying, and generally tinny.
Odd.
Rotten apples.
Not particularly offensive nor having any redeeming value.
Apples and basic spice, and I taste plain pancakes. Mostly a spicy cask-strength number without much other character, but what's here is tasty. Water helps to calm the fire, but avoid adding too much as it didn't reveal any new aspects for me. Tasty though.
Nose of cedar, apples, wet leaves, and pool water. Palate is plain, very lightly sweet and fruity, with an odd chemical note. Finish is... Whatever. I don't even know what to say about this. This is closer to a very crappy grain whisky, or a weird and lousy vodka, along with other notes of... Echhhhh. It's not entirely undrinkable... Just very nearly so. One of the few bottled spirits I've actually found frightening - after a few sips, I began to fear it was poison.
This is the lightest colored whiskey I've ever seen, I'm afraid that it's not whiskey.
There's a faint grainy funk.
Tastes like nothing.
I don't think this is right, stopped after a few sips, whatever it is, terrible.
A lot of new make and citrus. Yeast and moist cookie dough. Some sweetness by way of vanilla and powdered sugar.
Nose of artificial fruit and floral stuff. Hint of grape Kool Aid. Apples. Hints of spoiled white wine. Palate is a cask-strength blast of spices, with that fruity stuff in the background. Like an acidic super-spicy apple pie. Finish shows marshmallow initially, the the spices return with coconut traces. I like this but it's too one note to like it better.
Nose has all sorts of stuff going on - dried fruits, plus notable ethery/industrial stuff and some smoke hints. Very intriguing nose, so let's see... Wow, the palate delivers on the nose. Again there's an industrial/chemical aspect, but a good one. Fruitiness for sure - cherries and green apples seem distinct. Also marzipan. I'm not sure why I like this as much as I do, because there's some weird synthetic-tasting stuff going on. Yet, I do like it.
Nose is cocoa and raspberry.
The taste is mildy butterscotch and caramelwith some definite pepperyness.
The finish is more intensity than tasty, but not bad.
I know I liked this more the first time I tasted it.
That may be because of what I had before.
Bummer, I'd like to taste it in "A" form again.
Nose of lemon, citrus, malt, bread. Palate: yum yum! Deep, rich everything - with dried fruits and sherry in the forefront, followed by a stampede of spice, toffee, vanilla, cereals, and a decent but not cloying honey sweetness. Water exposes a shiso/minty aspect and grassy notes; at heavy dilution it's mostly grains and spice. Finish continues the theme at length. Me likey.
Light rubber.
Nose: what nose? Palate: ummm... Hmmm. Vague honey. Finish: yeah, a little nondescript spice. Some cardboard and stale cinnamon graham crackers. There's just so little going on here, it's like cask-strength plainness. Nobody's home here, except for a boring, quiet, but still nice cat.
Cask-strength sherried-aspects of flavor, quite tasty, though hot. Water in good amounts doesn't change much, except of course you've got extra whisky to drink. When enough water is added to put the fire out satisfactorily, a sort of rubber emerges that doesn't help. Finish is kind of long but mostly alcoholic. A tasty, enjoyable, but notably flawed whisky, though if you want a bit of pain the flaws are tolerable and perhaps welcome.
Extremely hot, alcoholic whiskey. Some fruit/oak, but really, just hot. Not good.
Quite drinkable, light without being too thin, with generally scotchy/malty flavors that you want. But the grain/alcohol takes over the more you drink, and as it sticks the less I want.
Faint yellow color. The nose features vanilla, bubblegum, peach, some grain and other fruits. The fruit continues onto the palate which balances nicely with some oak. There is nothing unpleasant here and nothing wildly amazing. Good stuff.
This is predominantly wax and apples. Not complex but very drinkable and enjoyable. One of those things you dont need to think about when drinking it. But you should check your bottle from time to time. Beacuse its smooth and un offensive, you can go through a bottle before you know it. One of the better blends that have come out in recent times and the price is just as smooth.
Light, oily, bitter finish.
The nose on this is dreadful. Old gym shorts, plastic notes - like a new rain coat, chemicals. I really don't want to drink this at all. The palate is thankfully better than the nose. It starts with some decent smoke but those notes are quickly subsumed by a sickly sweet flavor similar to an unnaturally sweet dessert wine. The chemical taste returns for the finish as if to bid you a final "eff you" for drinking this. It's lousy.
Fruity, mild, and uninteresting. Vanishes.
Light on palate and nose.
I got some fruit and sweet waxiness.
But that was it.
Some peat and light fruits on the nose.
Plate is weak and malty with sharp but weak peat notes.
Big big big sherry with minty resinous wood.
Huge whisky, almost over the top.
Finishes with some bitter chocolate.
My favorite profile of a sherry explosion.
Chocolates and wood varnish/resin/acetone notes.
SHERRY BOMB BOMB BOMB with assorted goodness. Longest sherried finish ever. Assault of red, purple, and port flavors. Generally quite reminiscent of Macallan 18 and 25. WINNER!
This one had a lot of age on the nose, oak and mildew. On the palate it was a huge sherry bomb and a bit out of balance. Still, in your face enough to be interesting.
AHHH, sweet nectar.
Raisin jam, prunes, coal, incese with bits of ciruz zest and floral qualities.
A good amount of sherry and a hint of smoke in this one.
Overly sweet sherry with wax on the nose.
There was a bitter sweet taste on the palate and finish.
This would have been way too sweet had there not been any bitter notes to balance things out.
Nose is dirty clothes.
The taste is dull and boring.
Meh.
Nose is raw, like a still room. Lemon, ginger. Palate is simple - vinegar. Finish is light. There is some complexity under this rawness. I have a feeling it will be better at 12 years.
The nose is actually a bit moldy and unpleasant. The taste isn't as bad, but it's just on the lighter side and dull. Tastes young.
Ok at best.
The nose is sweet with woody notes, anise, grain and hints of sherry.
Theres a burst of cinnamon on the palate followed by maple syrup and a medium spiced mint finish that turns rubery. A decent bottle, but not worth it.
Having tried this on various occasions, I must admit that my liking for it has varied quite a bit. It's never struck me as offensive or particularly unlikeable, just sometimes a bit "blah" with too much grain influence. Yet other times, I enjoy it a lot more, liking the whole coconut/vanilla/malt palate, which has some nice sweet aspects to it. And even though it still tastes grain-y, it doesn't bother me as much. I think that the more I get to know this, I've found it to be a generally agreeable blend, certainly preferable to many others.
This is a pretty decent blend, but suffers from the same issue I have with almost all blends, i.e. it has been designed for drinkability and lacks any distinct flavors.
A little grain on the nose, followed by caramel, honey, and some grain notes on the palate.
I'd say I enjoyed most of the component whiskies more than the blend itself, in particular the plum cask matured single malt.
It is a very well crafted blend, however, and I'm sure any blend drinker would be happy with it.
Whimpy, grainy, watery. Don't want to write more.
My first Japanese Blend and its a whole lot better than most Scotch Blends.
The nose has some nice complex fruits going on but the palate disappoints like most blends.
Finish was weak and short.
But still worth trying.
Nose is spicy oak, grain, cereal, lemon cream. Plate is mix of sweet and woody. Makes me hungry for sushi. Mild and nice. Finish is very smooth and easy.
Heavy on the Rye spice and smack in the face... And that doesn't usually sit as well with me.
Well-made, just not my cup of whiskey.
I love rye, rye, rye, rye.
Pure, sweet, spicy, and delicious.
A softer version of the 16 year, less rye spice and more oak.
Still tasty but I prefer the strong attack of the 16 year as a hardcore rye fan.
The nose is very Bourbon heavy up front, with rye spice kicking in later.
Not surprisingly, the taste is similar to a high rye-content Bourbon.
The first thing you get is a sweet burst of corn, followed by rye spice and some chewy, oak notes.
The rye takes over in the finish, which goes on and on.
This is really good stuff.
Sipping blind, I would guess this was a very good high-rye content Bourbon with some age on it, which is probably more or less what it is.
Huge dill pickle brine on the nose.
Super rye/anise seed and the palate is more of the same.
Some oak tones it down after a few sips but the pickles are really heavy.
Worth tasting and something for the rye croud I think but for me it is just a taster.
Amazing cask-strength flavor without the 50%+ ABV. Absolutely incredible, and one of the best bargains out there now for the whisk(e)y aficionado. If you even like rye a little, you'll love this.
I think I mistook this for a bourbon when tasted blind.
I realy didn't recognize this as what I know as a Rye.
Very nice woodsy flavors and less spice that usually smacks me when I try a rye.
I'll cut to the chase: this is an excellent rye. I think part of the reason I like it so much is because the flavor isn't overwhelmed with spices. The rye is noticeable enough to be a "rye" without being overwhelmingly so, and the whiskey is sweet and full. Honeyed and nutty. What I really like is how rich the palate is, it's almost like a cask-strength richness and mouthfeel... Without being cask-strength. Spice shows the most in the finish. Very drinkable and very good stuff!
Nice mellow rye notes with bits of wax paper and honey.
The nose is rye spice with rose petals. The palate is a full on rye attack, and a buttery mouthfeel with just a bit of underlying sweetness. You can really feel that these are high rye content mash bills. I have had several batches and they have all been excellent.
The basic great single malt.
Makes a fantastic starter to anyone entering the single malt world.
The sweet sherry coal smoke and the malty/cereal bitterness makes for a fine fixture in any cabinet.
Love the HP 12 for an every day drink.
Not over the top in any way, and not in any way bad or off-putting.
This is just solid good whisky.
This has a little bit of everything.
Some smokey peat and hints of sherry.
The sherry is much more apparent in the older bottlings.
There is more bourbon influence on the newer flask type bottles.
Nose of caramel and smoke. The palate is sweet and quite full of flavor, and delightful. The sweetness dries a bit in the smokey and long finish. Yum yum!
Oh, you're familiar with Highland Park, and you're wondering how this one is? Well imagine your typical HP profile - but as if if someone took nearly all of the fun out of it - yet they left just enough hints of excitement to annoy you that this wasn't better than it actually is. Sure, it's good, but from something like this I expect more. In other words, next time you hit Duty Free, pick something else.
Always a great go-to. Excellent peaty treat. A must-have for any bar or casual single malt drinker. An old favorite.
Dark, tarry, sherry notes mixed in with whiffs of smoke and red fruits.
The best of this stuff is in the "slanty shoulder" bottles where the sherry is much brighter with some nutiness.
I should note, I tasted the new oval bottle. It is not as good as the old 18. This one is a sweet nose with lemon cake and a little candy cane. The palate is cake with a little mint. The finish is light and smooth. Not as rich and complex as the old Highland Park 18. Disappointing in that regard. Very refined and easy to drink.
It's a fantastic Scotch that will be pleasing to almost any Scotch drinker's palate.
Still it's not exceptional.
Maple syrup and ripe fruitnose, smokey and oily, full bodied.
Highland Park 18 is to scotch, as Jimmy "Super-Fly" Snukais to wrestling.
My classic go-to bottle.
I like the older, dumpier bottle better but not by much.
This is just great, sweet, coal smoked whisky with very nice malt/barley tones with vanillas perfectly integrated into the sherry sweetness.
Bourbony, otherwise dull.
Chocolate covered cherries, caramel and molasses sweetness with tobacco on the finish.
Interesting.
I like!!
Herbal blossom, soft to the touch, sweet light honey.
Sherry syrup, hits fast, drops and then evens out.
Sweet syrupy delight, some herbal green in finish, sappy, hints of smoke.
Very light color. Deep citrus nose. Spicy hot earthy and woody mouth. Fades quickly.
HOT! Strong nose. Sweet, it's liquid cherries and maple syrup, but with a nice balance of smokey-goodness. The sweetness meshes well with the cask strength - very enjoyable drinking. Long finish.
INSANITY.
Smooth heat, honey wheat.
Truly F-your-sister phenomenal.
Liquid gold. Caramel, toffee, sweet, fruit and oak on the nose. Smoky, malty and caramel in my mouth. Modest draw.
Sherry and maple syrup on the nose give way to a big punch of sherry on the palate.
Dense, rich and lush - pure sherried goodness.
Not a lot to say but it hits all the right notes.
Sweet, slightly smoky nose.
Palate starts sweet, then explodes into sweet smoke.
Finishes spicy, hot, and strong.
Paint thinner and ethery notes in the nose, with bright fruit and caramel. Pleasing. The palate... Ooh, I like. Rich mixed spices dominate over a bed of somewhat oily honey and cream. But something is off in the finish, and it makes the next glass less desirable. So much to start. If only the finished delivered.
I like this nose!
Ethereal and solventy, dried fruit.
Wow, huge fruity and floral wave, nicely balanced with a sweetness emerging in the finish... But wait, a funny soapiness that lingers and brings the whole thing down.
A fallen star.
Aged Highland Park just works for me - although admittedly this Park Avenue offering is not a superstar.
The combo of fruit and peat is well balanced, but it fails to acheive the "honey nut cheerios" effect I look forin my 20+ HP's.
Still, very solid.
A pale straw color gives away much less sherry influence and the nose and palate confirm this.
Pears and bananas with vanilla and hazel nut-butter with some caramel.
The finish was longer than short but not really medium...
Bourbon and spice.
Younger active.
Highland Park 1983: Darker and much more stout than many HPs I have had.
Loads of perfumes and floral notes on lilacs, heather and hay.
Dark chocolate bitterness and blackcurrants along with some real cereal/bready goodness.
I liked this a lot and the finish was much longer than usual with these single cask HPs.
Sharp and spicy with a short finish.
Much better the second time around.
Sherry is most notable in cask-strength richness. Very slight smoke pokes through in the finish, which is medium-length.
Sherry nose. Taste has a sharp bite, and the finish is short lived. Metallic taste overall. Discovered more complexity with the right amount of water. Much better whiskey than I initially thought after the first glass.
Starts like a Highland Park with the complex nose, malt and smoke. Finishes like Mortlach with some sap and bitter flavors, but not as long.
Spicy cinnamon.
The nose is tree sap and honey, faint though.
The taste hint at being syrupy, althogh I can't place what syrup.
Maybe the thick palate is fooling me.
Riding the syrup is a dry-fart sherry with a quick peppery short finish.
I would write home about it, but I will write you... Obviously.
Very grapey nose, maple syrup with currants. Palate is basically as syrupy as you'd expect given the nose, and permeated with flavors of dried berries and fruit. Mint aspects dance in and out in the long finish. Despite the high ABV, I say don't add water, as I found it brought out only detracting notes. A tasty and rather unusual example of Highland Park.
Nose has some sulfur and pencil shavings, sherried scents. In the palate the sulfur doesn't bother me, it's not really here. A nicely sherried, lightly peated number that doesn't have a standard Highland Park character to it, strikes me more like a Linkwood. A nice surprise.
Warm maltiness with underlyining sweetness. Smells dirty or tainted. Big spiciness. Not too oily on the palate. Farm yardy notes with bitter tea and rusty metal notes.
Carmel. Absolutely no finish. Malt rape.
I am a big fan of Highland Park but I have not had many OB Single casks.
This one caught my attention and it did not disappoint.
Very different from the standard expressions with a bunch of fruits with bananas, cherries, blackcurrants, and cake right out of the oven.
The wood clearly imparted some cinnamon and caramel with all-spice and honey.
There is darker, burnt rubber or heavy oil smoke in there as well but all in a good way... The finish was rich and robust but could have lasted a bit longer.
Much flavor up front.
This one is an amalgam of sherry and rubber on the nose and palate with sulphur showing up on the late palate.
These are the flavors that typically come out in a flawed HP.
Medium sherry, long even finish.
Rich sherry, spicy, lasting finish.
Pleasing.
Smooth, great aftertaste, medium body, medium dry, salty, very spicy.
Sweet, smokey, and decent enough. Sound familiar? It is. Definitely tastes like a Highland Park - but not a particularly remarkable one - with almonds, some sherry, and a tinge of sulfur. The finish is really long, but it's also very hot, even adjusting for the ABV. Water helps, but doesn't cure. I hate to disrespect Hi-Time's choice here, but... You coulda done better, guys. Grape Vine Market's 15-year single cask is/was way better, and much cheaper. Next time Highland Park offers this program, I'll guide you through the cask samples, 'kay?
Nose gives classic Highland Park with coal smoke and fruits but the palate is a bit softer than I like.
Weaker than I thought - the nose said really good... The palate says not enough oomph...
Nose is equal parts bright fruits and clean smoke. Pinot Grigio. Palate delivers orangey/citrus stuff, good caramel, and that clean, HP trademark smoke. Medium sweet initially, honey-sweet. Gets a little peppery in the finish. Salty tinges linger in my mouth too. I think I prefer it to HP 18, which it shares a lot in common with... But it's like the sweetness got turned down a little bit, and everything else got turned up. This is excellent whisky!
Delightful and delicious, moderately peated, with honey. Cocoa lingers in the semi-long finish.
Brings tears to my eyes.
Not quite worth the price, but damn super good.
Brown sugar and honey nose, vanilla flan, sweet oak, nice finish. Not sure if it's worth $250+ more the the 18 Yr, but it's just as good, if not better.
Retaste: Just ridiculously delicious. Sweet and fruity nose. Very inviting. Lots of stuff going on here. Honey, toffee, caramel, spice and a mix of fruits. The wood comes through nicely and is balanced. Good lingering finish.
Nose of sweat and oranges. Palate is tasty and easy, quite honeyed, with light spice and faint smoke. Medium-length finish continues the theme. And enjoyable semi-easy drinker.
Golden amber color. Deep, rich flavors on the nose with old dusty cigars, leather, apple/pear, seawater and sweet sherry. On the palate has qualities from the nose but dissapates quickly. I notice the cigar carrying over especially. Somewhat thin and bitter. Not a long draw. Overall nice and balanced.
Tanning oil. Peppery. Great mouthfeel.
N: Strong, floral. T: Bourbony, warm. F: Pretty smooth, warm O: Slightly above average bourbon.
N: Sweet. T: Sweet, medium-bodied. F: Warm, smoky finish.
Great nose, big flavor with an interesting floral finish after the bourbon flavor. The finish is long, with the nose coming back again as you exhale.
Paint thinner. Disappears.
Smooth-spicy-sweet, bourbony with rye. Not-too-easy not-too-hard tasty beverage.
Sweet butterscotch aroma, pleasant. Caramel taste, syrupy. This is a thin, uncomplex whiskey. Warm sharp bite on finish. Drinkable, but not exciting.
Nose rushes over me with big vanilla, caramel and toffee, varied cereal grains with oats very prominent, corn, multigrain bread, and something earthy. Kinda smells like a granola bar. The palate: oh yes. Moderately sweet, and so "smooth" yet full of stuff - chocolate, rich toffee, light varied spices, burnt caramel. This is a treat for sure! Finish continues the theme, becoming dryer and mildly chewy. This does it all and does it all very well.
Nose is new chinese toy plastic and something rotten.
Palate is nail polish remover and dry grappa.
If you go to Argentina, take scotch with you.
Somehow not even worth 20 pesos per liter.
Nose is of peat and wood smoke, and slightly farty. That fartiness often announces bad things to come... But not here! The palate is tasty and great. Smoky and rich for sure, very tasty. This continues in the medium-length finish. A tasty, smoky, well-priced treat.
Soft peat, otherwise dull but not bad.
What the hell is that nose?
All sorts of different wood smells and tastes, hard to separate out any one thing, but all together its actually damn good.
Nose of very light malt and caramel, cereals. Palate is mildly sweet and mildly bubblegummy-fruity, with the caramels from the nose, but not much malt. Kinda nice. Finish continues the theme at length, getting a tinge boozy, with a little fennel appearing on some sips. Not search-outable but entirely fine.
Oranges, oak, a little smoke.
Finishes dry and a bit raw.
Nose is very spirity, like gin, then meat, soy sauce, peanuts, and dog hair.
Palate has prominant rye with a dirty wheat in finish.
Very muddled and confused.
Pretty horrible actually.
Not much of a nose, but that might be me. The palate is well-balanced, full-flavored tasty-ness... But this is definitely young and fierce, which affects the whole experience, making this enjoyable for a glass but not a night.
Well the nose is definitely rye. The palate is basically a decent though rough-edged rye - just enough sweetness to be noticeable - with the youth evident in a fun and rambunctious way. This seems geared a bit more for tasting and special situations than pure enjoyment.
The nose is light but has nice blush wine notes.
The palate is a bit on the harsh side with lots of bourbon-corn and alcohol notes.
The finish is salty/savory.
It's not bad, but it lacks much depth.
Sweet and corn-y, somewhat smooth. Medium-richness. Minor alcoholy notes emerge and keep me from full enjoyment, but tasty enough.
Nose of fruit, some spice, some Band Aids, and cocoa. Palate: Wow. Jam pakced with full flavors - spice, sherry, some medicinal notes, smoke wisps, and quite chocolatey. Not sweet. A bit of an odd one and I like it because of that. Interestingly, this tasted much better as the first whisky of the night, rather than when I went back to it later and re-tried it. So drink this first!
Fermented peach.
Spruce wood.
White wine notes, vanilla. Medium-bodied and sweet.
There is something here that reminds me of burning plastic. But behind that is chocolate, charred/caramelized fruit, tangerines and preserved fruit. It gets better on the palate because the tropical fruit come through. But its thin and a bit light. Finishes with spice and bitter dark leafy greens.
Vanilla malt, caramel and tart fruit syrup. A bit hot. Dilute sweet tea water with hints of lime and salt.
Nose is somewhat farty, with toffee and butterscotch. The medium-bodied palate is again toffee, with coffee beans, and spice notes. Finish continues this, and the toffee and coffee linger, with still a slight fartyness.
Farty yet drinkable if you really have to.
Microwaved raisins with a bit of stinky socks.
Heavy on the vapors.
I had this fun idea at Wine & Liquor Depot to buy a "pot luck" bottle by choosing the highest ABV% bottle in the store. This was it. Well, yeah, I didn't quite realize it was grain, and in those deceptively dark-green Cadenhead's bottles, how was I to know the stuff was nearly as clear as new make? Oh, the shame that washed over me as I nosed the alcoholy, spiritous, vodka-esque vapors. I hoped that the slight grassy and spicy aspects would make for a great palate... And, holy cow - they did! For a moment. There's a really, really good spice aspect to this - namely cinnamon, and it's very pronounced. I imagine that's why this was chosen to be bottled. Unfortunately, after a few sips, the alcohol rockets to center stage, especially in the Everclear, worst-part-of-a-jello-shot finish.
In the words of Cypher from _The Matrix_, "De-greasing engines and killing brain cells."
Smells like sake, minty and piney, organic.
Vanilla, oak incense and coconut on the nose.
Gets creamier on the palate with more fruits and wood.
Long bubblegum like finish.
Peat smoke and a little sugar.
That's about all there is to this one.
Seems like very little contribution from the cask, a little oak or vanilla would be a nice addition.
A bit too fiery in the finish.
A few drops of water help with that and bring out the sweetness.
New make, dough, iodine and warm caramel. A bit dilute on the palate.
Grainy fruit nose followed by a slightly spicy and super-smooth syrupy palate.
Really nice.
I need to taste this again.
Lotsa fruit in the nose - apples, pears, peaches - in the variety of Fruit Stripe gum and various "scratch n sniff" stickers. All rather mild, but undoubtedly present. The palate - oh yum. This is a massively drinkable, fruity treat. Whatever peat started in the component Islay malts has left on the slightest trace now, if any at all. As for what is here, I like it a ton. Not a lot of complexity, but the interplay of the various fruit flavors is just great - green apple Jolly Ranchers for a moment, then fresh red apples, then peaches, and more. In the finish the fruit gets much stronger. Despite the overwhelming mentions of "fruit" in this note, I wouldn't call this a true "fruit bomb," as the experience isn't at "bomb level." Let's go with... Delicious fruit super-treat. No wait, that sounds dumb. Well, whatever, this a fantastic whisky.
Nose is solid cherries with sweet cough syrup.
Palate is weaker than the nose which seems to be a theme with these blended malts.
There is some sort of rancid honey or rancid honey wax thing going on... Not really in a bad way.
Spicey finish and I actually did like it.
Earthy and mossy, and not in a good way.
Funny rotten fruit on the nose initially, fades into smoke.
The palate is fine, a decent peated whisky but doesn't stand out for me.
Young and peaty.
Probably too different to produce a fair rating when tasted blind with all of the sherry bombs.
But heavy young bacon grease flavors with BBQ smoke.
Some earthy notes that said Ardbeg and the bacon said Laphroaig.
If its most likely a Lagavulin, I am glad normal Lagavulin waits till it has spent some solid time in a cask... Will need a re-taste.
Sweet and buttery.
Lots of green tangy fruits with a bitter finish.
Metallic and plastic notes were also present and unwelcome.
Well, it's time I entered some notes on this American icon. Let's see, I know I've got a bottle still hanging around from my last party... Where is it... Oh. I've got three. Um... Anyhow... The nose is light, sweet, with hints of coal and dust. The palate is relatively indistinct. Lighter-bodied, and very mildly sweet. There's some nutty hints, with caramel and vanilla traces. But on the whole, there's just not a lot here - I guess that's the whole idea behind the Lincoln County process. The finish is medium length, with excessive heat for 40%. So overall - I mean, it's JD, it's an American institution. And I think I'll leave the nicer things to say to the Jack Daniel's aficionados. In my opinion, this has earned a rightful place as the King of Mixing Whiskey.
Dark copper color. The nose has honey and corn and is very sweet. Vanilla masquerades in the background. Still get a wallop of alcohol vapors though. The palate is sweet and tastes very nice. Not a drawn out finish. Not that complex and a tad sweet, but overall not that bad.
Nose is sweet, with honey, and notes of something like gunpowder. Palate is quite sweet and tasty. A little alcohol-y. There's not much else, but I like it enough. Finish is long and hot. To note, I was saved by a few bottles of this on my honeymoon, when it turned out to be the only "good" whiskey every bar in the area had. Nothing to celebrate here, but it's decent stuff.
Isopropyl Alcohol 70%
Far be it for me to disagree but the while the nose is interesting, the palate drops off into young spirity Irish sweet grass and alfalfa fields.
Too floral and grainy for me.
Fruity! And tasty and good. The palate is initially almost nothing, then grows with fruit, caramel, and malt. In the finish, there's a mini-fruit-bomb of peaches and nectarines. Some pepper there too. Irish whiskey with some surprises. Me likey.
Nose is fruity, with spice, and melon. These same things gently play in the palate, with restrained-sweetness. Long finish. If you like Irish whiskey, you'll find this is quite a treat.
The nose has a nice spicy characteristic, but the palate is a bit flat. There is banana and some spice that trails into the finish. Not unlike the standard Jefferson's bourbon, this is a decent but totally unexceptional bourbon. There's just not much to it.
What a massive disappointment. The color is awesome, but everything else is downhill from there. The nose has usual bourbon characteristics, but I didn't smell or taste anything remarkable.
Wood and vanilla start, sweet citrus finish, but not much in between.
The nose on this has some of the same candy notes as the White Label but with a dose of oak that gives it a bit more complexity. The palate is quite acidic without much flavor, then some chocolate malt notes, and then the bitterness kicks in. I actually think I like the White Label better than this. The main flavors in this are acid and bitterness and they don't play well together.
Nose: what nose? That hint of leather shoes and alcohol? Wait, its gone, nevermind. Okay, the palate - perhaps the most watery whiskey I've ever tasted. I mean, it's like bourbon-flavored water. The rye aspects are subtle at best. Yet I'm not sure how I can fault this, because that's surely what the distillers are going for here - this may be the most "drinkable" whiskey ever. There's basically a light, honey-sweetness, light fruit aspects, and wisps of spice. The finish lingers longer than you'd think for something so thin. And, yes, I do like it. I think this would appeal to a massive amount of folks who aren't really whiskey drinkers, but dabble in it occasionally. The only thing not to like here is the lack of, well, the lack of almost everything. But the few things that are here are kinda refreshing in a way. Mix, rocks, or whatever... Seems made for a summer's afternoon.
The nose has rye but more medicinal than spicy. The palate is sweet with canned fruit and just a touch of spice. The spice is a bit more evident in the finish, but not by much. Tasting blind, I doubt I would have ever guessed this was a rye given out light it is on rye spice. This has been my general experience with Beam ryes.
Nose of popcorn, sugar, candy corn, fresh apples, and raw nuts. Palate is sweet and feels watery, delivers on the nose with a caramel apple flavor. Finish is long and alcoholy. I do actually like this, and though it's full of rough edges - shall we say it could use some "refinement" - Beam is just good 'ol drinkin' bourbon. It don't need no refinement! Drinks fine neat if you don't mind the heat, goes well on the rocks, and does great as a mixer.
This has a light nose with candy, medicinal notes and some rye notes. The palate comes on sweet with some medicinal/rye type notes and ends with a bitterness that carries into the finish. It's not good, but it's certainly not horrible.
Nose: nobody's home. Maybe some cotton candy. The palate is very odd, there's a distinct synthetic aspect, with a weird type of bubblegum. Some slight hints of caramel and/or maybe butterscotch. Ehhhh.
Solvent and caramel.
Nondescript, sweet and oily.
Coating.
Bleh.
A very huge and tasty rye.
We've tried a 12 year version of this and it's very similar, perhaps just slightly less punchy.
Dense rye notes that aren't too spicy.
Old wood and lacquer.
This ranks up there with some of the best ryes I've tasted.
Not really that smokey. It's barely mildly so, and a bit peppery, especially in the medium-length finish. I'm not crazy about this one but it's a kind of light whisky to have to pass the time.
Something off-putting in the nose, and some sort of meat taste in the finish.
Oily.
The first sips were interesting, but loosing interest fast.
A great rocks party drink.
Right price point and right easy flavors.
The smoke is a nice addition to an otherwise pedestrian whisky.
Nose is faint, with bubblegum/fruit notes, and traces of smoke and the ocean. Palate is again somewhat fruity, with some white wine traces and malty hints, and nondescript spice. Finish... What finish? Short and the same. This is okay, and yes, we've all probably drank our fair share of Johnnie Black and enjoyed it well enough. But as far as evaluating it with my tasting hat on, this is... There. Like, "Yes, I exist, and I am fine." It's just... There.
Spicy with wet hay and wet wood.
Not much on the palate.
Caramelized sugar nose, light and fluffy, very smooth.
Nice sugar in the finish.
Starts and finishes well, but missing something in the middle.
For $150, you can do so much better, why buy this?
Not sure if this was fair, but in general, I think Johnnie Blue is a cheap whore in a fancy dress.
I would never recommend that anyone buy this.
Fruity nose.
Boring, indistinct.
Smooth and average whisky.
Tastes like a sweet well whisky.
Sweet and nutty, minerals and bits of salt and honey.
Nutty with stale notes on the palate.
Toffee adds some sweetness.
Lingering citrus finish.
Cherry licorice, smoke and nuttiness on the nose. Smoked teas on the palate along with floral qualities. Finishes with vanilla cream and peat.
Hot top end. Mellow, smooth low to middle. Pleasant and calm aftertaste.
One of my favorite blends. Beats the Blue for sure.
Subtle malty nose, a bit of brown sugar, malt and nuts. Enjoyable.
Sweet wine nose, subtle bland taste, short unimpressive finish.
A vatting of some pretty diverse malts.
Smokey and easy peat with some nice sweet vanilla notes aded to the fresh fruits and nuts.
I would recommend this to someone who wants to transition from blends to Malts as they probably won't be scared off by the name that they already know.
Did not like this, Sam I Am. Did not like Green vatted bland.
Very balanced and smooth, perfectly vatted to taste like nothing..
All of the flavors in this are simple and rather weak.
The spirity taste is masked a bit by the grains and very little malt in this.
I do keep a 1.75 litre bottle around for blending Welsh Dragons so I don't hate it but I would not drink this by itself.
Nose is light but tart, with smoke in the background. Also with cotton candy, caramel, and talcum powder. The palate has an initial sweet attack, which diminishes into... Well, nondescript lesser sweetness and a little sulphury smoke. There's scattered fruit/grapefruit and some malt. The short finish continues the theme, with some alcohol-y stuff, but not enough to kill the experience. Johnnie Red is decent-enough stuff, but like so many blends, this seems designed to have not much going on. If that's your thing then, well, this is your thing.
Not much here, some burnt plastic and vanilla.
Very spirity on the palate with stale notes.
Nose is promising, with maple, slight cinnamon, and plastic-polymer hints. Palate is pretty rich, mouth-filling and deep, and rather bitter. Finish is long and bitter. It's a deep and rich bourbon, yet could still use more character given what's already here. Upon the reveal, and discovering that the label says "Every drop charcoal filtered," I wonder - what did they filter out?
The nose comes on sweet. There's a bit of a smoky char, like burnt wood. Then there are some briny notes and some peanut notes; it's a good start. The palate, though, is quite light and lacks any of the nose's more complex notes. There are some light maple syrup notes and some of those peanut notes from the nose. Like most non-Willett offerings from KBD, I find this pretty underwhelming. There are a lot better bourbons to be had for the price.
If I had to guess based on taste, I'd say the peanuts remind me of some Brown Forman's I've had.
This is not to be drank neat. A bourbony nose, but the palate is kind of an alcoholic mishmash. The more I drink, I can't drink any more.
Nose is distinctly nutty, hazelnuts stand out. Also caramel and vanilla. There's a tinge of farts, but I'm not worried. Palate - medium-sweet, with more nuts. Spice, with some zing and tangy notes. Light smoke too. Finish is medium length and dry, and grows bitter but not bad. I really like what's going on here. A contemplative yet fun and easy whisky.
Nose of cranberries and toffee. That palate is quite sweet, with spice in medium levels, and dried red fruits and berries. Finish continues the theme in medium-to-long length. This is a little too hot and basically unmemorable, but fine.
Rubber and caramel.
This is pretty good. The nose has a little sherry, light peat, wet hay and peppermint. The palate is more creamy with citrus and orange rind. The finish turns to peanut butter and salt. Really quite complex with well balanced weight and structure. Admirable for the craftsmanship. I think Jura had some not-so-good stuff before. They deserve a second chance on this one.
Stinky, sipping whisky from an old shoe, Jura should be ashamed.
Surprisingly smokey, but then an almost port-like ripe sweetness emerges. Very tasty.
Big sherry with lots of wood, spices and incense smoke.
Yep, sherry all over the nose. But it's a distinctly different and unusual type of it, very plummy. Hint of cheap pork hot dogs with a tinge of liquid smoke, which water brings out more of. Palate is rich plum-jammy-tastyness, your basic blast of dark fruits and berries. Finish is lengthy, with just enough chew to keep you chewing on it. Some pine aspects alternate in and out. This definitely is hot, but not as much as you'd expect from 64%. Altogether it's a bit of a one-note plum-pine thing, but very good.
Very sweet almost like cherry cough syrup. Theres lots of wood notes here that's more like bourbon, but there's also sherry notes. The palate follows suit. Very sweet and woody. More like raisins and black cherries with a bit of wax. There's a hint of spice in the finish that fades early.
Vanilla sweetness with lots of wood.
A sherry one note. Fine, if what you want is pure sherry notes, but uninspired.
Both of the Japanese won the blind tasting for my taste.
This one was also a great sherry bomb with a bit less chocolate than the Hakushu.
Less resin also which may seem like a good thing but it removes the complexity.
Still very good and one I will seek more of.
I found something to be a bit off with this one - slightly foul and moldy tasting initially. It improves towards the finish and quite a bit of sherry and wood come through, but not enough to overcome my initial impression.
Old wood and sherry.
Delicious, but a bit bitter.
Twigs.
Whoa, kinda funky.
Cherry sherry and very resinous.
Initially I thought it might have a moldy off-note, but that faded and I realized there's just a lot of wood lurking underneath the sherry.
I grew to like it a lot.
Smells of burnt soy sauce. Its very salted with hints of chocolate and used coffee grind. Distant floral potpourri note are also present. Gets very very dry and tannic on the palate. Very woody but again very dry. Some gun powder tea and cherry cough drops on the finish.
Mmmmmm.
Mmmmm.
A very different sherry nose.
Ether, wood glue, plums, violets, musk, a hint of black licorice, fresh pipe tobacco, dark rum, a little chocolate.
A rich spiciness on the palate followed by jammy fruit notes.
I love the way the high abv momentarily numbs my palate and then wooosh, the flavor re-emerges.
Very long dry finish, mainly the spices which linger forever along with a pleasing numbness.
Each time you go back to it something else reveals itself.
Splendid stuff.
Nose is extremely plummy, tinge of balsamic vinegar. Palate is a delicious explosion of deliciousness. Big and bold sherry, and all those grapey-fruity-raisin things that go with it. Sort of reminds me of a super-sherried cask-strength Glendronach. Finish is long, becoming moderately gripping in the mouth. This also takes water quite well, taming the fire of course, and opening up some extra spices particularly in the finish. Give this one time to open up, too, as the air really seems to work some magic on it. If sherry monsters are your thing, then this is your thing. It is definitely mine.
Deep brown amber color. The nose is absolutely fantastic, rich and luscious and is filled with sherry, cane sugar, wisps of fresh air, oak, and the lightest hint of smoke deep in the background. The palate is spiced wood and some carry over from the nose. The finish is wonderful, envelopes the mouth and leaves a satisfying and lingering finish - a little hot, but I like that here. A drop or two of water lessens the heat, but I don't think is overly necessary or does that much here. I really like it as is. One note - it took about 5 minutes for everything to fully develop and start to appear. I loved the nose and liked the palate. I was worried about the hype on this one, but it really delivers.
Juicyfruit gum in the nose. Palate... Eeeewww. Alcoholy, with something fleetingly sickly sweet, then more alcohol. Finish has an odd, minty-chemical quality. Very disagreeable.
Very sweet and almost generic.
Wood really shows on the palate.
The nose is fruity with white wine notes as well as some hay and horse feed notes in the background. The palate has the same fruity/malty mix, starting sweet with pears and canned peaches, then malty notes can Cream of Wheat. The finish is just vaguely fruity. This is a nicely drinkable malt.
Nosing this you get figs, sherry, maybe even balsamic vinegar, though not in a vinegary way, if that makes any sense. The palate has dry sherry notes and some earthy, rancio type notes. The finish is full of nice earthy sherry notes. This is certainly comparable to any of the standard, good sherried single malts from Scotland.
The nose on this one has a very light wine note. The palate is very fruity in the way that sherry aged casks are with dried fruit, but then has some nice, dry woodiness to balance it out. The finish is fruity, with a distinctively grape note, along with a touch of anise. Tasting blind, I would likely guess this was a sherry cask, though maybe third or fourth fill.
Nose is plain, slight caramel. Palate is somewhat watery yet quite spicy. This is definitely quite a decent bourbon - it almost seems like a mix of bourbon styles. With a very tasty result.
Sweet on the nose, with some vanilla. This is a very light, sweet Bourbon, with a bit of a soapy flavor, some fruit and a sweet finish. I get nothing in the way of rye in this. It's smooth to the point of slick.
Nose is ok but palate was dry and too oaky.
Oats, malt and smokey peat briquettes.
Ashy burnt newspaper. Citrus and vanilla oils sweetness as well. A bit thin in the palate. Minerals, and smoky BBQ stuff. Burning wood, clove and tar. Finish is very short.
The nose screams youth with the traces of the fresh new make still on it.
This follows into the palate with a peaty drum beat but it all ends a bit flat.
Promising stuff, but not there yet.
Well, let's cut to the chase: you ain't missing anything. This bottle is really about rarity and, if you're inclined to buy it for non-collecting purposes, a notch to put in your belt. The nose is light, with some anise, mixed grains, and grassy/hay aspects. The palate... Well, the first thing I wrote was "rather plain." In fact, it's somewhat tasteless for a scotch. I'd almost compare it to a very oaked and quite dry Irish whiskey. The flavors that are here mainly emerge in the finish, with oatmeal and white bread, along with a significant oak component. The drinkability factor isn't that big here, and 35 years in the cask don't seem to have added any mellowing qualities to the 51.3% ABV. Water improves drinkability, and brings out vague floral notes. I think I understand why this distillery, in its short life, was all about the blenders... It honestly seems like a "filler" whisky. Maybe the years stripped away too much flavor, but my guess is that there may not have been a whole lot to begin with. So... Yeah... There's nothing special about the actual flavor, and it's uninterestingly "fine." I'd give it slightly lower grade, except the fun of knowing what you're drinking really does add to the experience, so I'm making a rare exception and saying that counts.
The nose is malty and fruity. Palate is soapy with a bit of pepper. The finish is mostly peppery with some malt on the nose. This is not at all bad but a bit on the bland side.
The nose on this one is very nice with fruity malt. The palate is malty and straight forward with some of that nice pepper going out and into the finish, which also has some salty notes. Again, there is very little sherry character here. This is decent enough but not particularly exciting.
Bubble gum nose.
Very good.
Smooth, sweet, light.
But at the same time, simple and a little forgettable.
Fruity bubble gum nose and body, evaporative and refreshing.
Almost tropical in character.
Is this even whiskey?
It's more like tropical booze.
Sweet but powerful.
And for the price...
Sweet fruity nose. Alcohol taste. Sweet easy finish.
Sweet, fruity, maybe apple juice?
Oily, thin, deceptively hot... Drinkable as f***.
Very fruity, bubblegum, sweet and lite. Tasty finish. Needs more complexity, but delicious.
Very sweet nose. Hints of amaretto, but what this really tastes like is a citrus liqueur. Very smooth and drinkable, smooth finish, but this is more suitable for dessert.
On the fruitier side, that bubblegummy-fruitiness. But it finishes rough and alcohol-y, and though the finish is lengthy it's not particularly good. Presumably this is intended to be drank on the rocks, and it's better that way, but still "eh."
Simple bourbon. I agree: this is probably something people like to add to their ice. Not bad at all. But very simple.
This has a big fat candy nose with caramel, chocolate and some honey and maple notes.
It smells like a candy bar!
Big corny flavor.
Yes, this is definitely a Beam product, no doubt about that.
Even at a higher strength, it's got that light, sweet, corny flavor.
Oak starts to come out mid-palate and sets in for the finish, though that corn syrup is still there too.
It's a step up from the regular Knob Creek and the extra abv gives it some heft.
Not bad, worth trying.
Bright, light, and easy, but not without punch. Fruit and white wine, plus little dashes of - cinnamon? Mild-to-rich sweetness, with vanilla, cane sugar sugaryness. The sweetness fades to bitterness in the medium-long finish. This is a bit hot for the ABV%.
Nose of indoor public swimming pool, light toffee, and white pepper. The palate is rather bitter, peppery, and quite dry. Organic stuff attacks every part of the mouth, somewhat like chewing on a bit of dried lawn grass. This continues in finish with big spice build, turning more peppery. Heat feels appropriate for the ABV. This is a tricky whisky to drink, very aggressive, and it offers no apologies for having little accessibility. It's one you definitely need to be in the mood for. I'd almost call it an "angry" whisky. At first, I didn't understand why this would be bottled at all... But after some time with the glass, I did find things to love in this ugly creature. It's enjoyable in a masochistic sort of way... Not unlike enjoying the bold bitterness of straight espresso. Though I don't think I'd ever seek it out, it's interesting and worth trying.
Not much on the nose. Vaporous alcohol and acetone. I wouldn't say this is smoke, more like burnt rubber smell. Palate is more expressive with bog-gy decaying wood and peat. Alot of lemon zest emerges midpalate and follows through onto the finish.
Dear Lagavulin fan: You know what you think this is gonna taste like? That's pretty much what it tastes like. A sweet, smokey, iodine-tinged, cask-strength peat treat.
I am with Sku on this one. It is what you expect it to be: peaty and smoky flavors dominate and it has a satisfying draw.
Salted fish brine iodine and char with a very salty finish. This one does well with water. It becomes a bit more sweet, malty and the finish is less briney.
Holy smoke! Pun intended. Distinctly Lagavulin-like, this has the whole ocean-medicinal-phenolic thing going on overdrive. That seems to reduce the dimensionality of this, rendering it certainly tasty but not quite the full experience one might expect. Water brings out greater antiseptic qualities in the nose, and in my opinion rounds off some questionable edges while opening up the palate.
Faint color. A sweet nose that took me a little by surprise given how much BBQ I am used to getting from Lag. A smoky palate that delivers what I would expect from Lagavulin, but isn't overly complex. Decent finish.
Less smoke and more medicine than a traditional Lag. Tight and spicy with nondescript citrus. I miss the smoke, but its a nice malt.
The Nose on the 2007 is more toned down. I normally get a lot of peat and iodine from the lag 12 s. It also seems more floral and fruity.
Good news is you get a lot of the peat and smoke when you drink it.
The nose is smokey, with a dusty/musty character that makes me excited. Palate... Hmm... It's kind of the standard smokey-peaty- phenolic thing going on here with not-much-dimension. The finish veers into a boozy territory that's not great. If I wanted a whisky experience like this I wouldn't reach for this bottle first, second, or third - but it's "fine."
A great example of an Islay malt.
Campfire smoke and medicinal iodine along with earthy notes that make this a depth chart master.
There are not many better versions of a distillery starter.
Great introduction to smoky peat.
A standard.
Lag 16 is wind beneath my wings. Near perfection for a standard, popular bottle.
Nose is brown bananas and dried peat. The palate is smoked fish and salt, little brown sugar. Finish is long and satisfying. I love this whisky. It has all that you could want in a whisky. But with some side-by-sides, I've found others that I have to rate higher. But Lag 16 deserves a note as the best all-rounder you could find at most good bars and restaurants. I have had it at many, and it makes my evening.
The old standy-by. I can't say I've enjoyed the 50% price increase the past few years, but for a peaty, widely-available, always-enjoyable bottle, you really can't beat the Lag 16.
The whiskey that forced me, at knifepoint, to love whiskey.
Lagavulin 16: Medium bronze color. Dirt smoke with a lot of wood. Sweet at first, but this transitioned for me into more pure smoke. Very drinkable, but not over complex. Fades away quickly.
Good, and more of a straight smokiness than traditional Lag. This is good, and a welcome diversion with a traditional Lagavulin taste, but it's lacking the greatness and dimension in other Lagavulins.
Lighter than the Lagavulin 16 I love so dearly.
It's like the volume has been turned down.
Smooth, easy, good.
But not powerful or especially memorable.
Oh, this is delicious. The peat is tamed significantly as compared with the Lag 16, but makes for what is overall a more balanced whisky. Smooth, charcoal, smoky, with a slightly sweet, mid-length finish.
Tasted after many full flavored cask strength whiskies, this one seemed thin.
Perhaps I owe it a retry.
Buttered lobster. Long green finish.
Less impressive than the other Lagavulin DE's.
Smoky, sweet, and medicinal, as expected, but the sherry finish in this case seems to have killed some of the complexity that makes Lagavulin great.
Nose is gauze and iodine, seems rather Laphroaig-like. Palate is malt and caramel. Finish is quick and a little bitter. OK.
Sweet medicinal iodine with nice campfire smokes.
Deeply sweet with a metallic earthy/dirty element.
Finish is short and fleeting.
Brine.
Oak, oily, yeasty bite.
A bit too thin and sweet for better rating.
Salty.
I like this nose, it's meaty.
I can feel the years sliding blissfully down my gullet.
Nose is fantastic.
Palate is not quite the nose, but very good.
Finish... This is just friggin' tasty.
Oaky and leathery nose - a very good nose.
The taste is a bit smoky, with sharp peppermint, and a zing like paprika.
The finish is short but has a punch.
Smoky and delicious!!!
Paradise for the nose.
Minty finish.
Yum, delicious!! What an Islay. There's a surge in the finish after a few seconds which is very welcome - if only the finish were longer and of greater intensity. But obviously this is really good.
Yummy throughout with an intense spike long into the finish. Delivers what you would expect from a Lag. Definitely a winner if you can find it.
Classic campfire goodness kind of subdued by the sherry sweetness.
While this is good and I like it a lot, it is better than the 1989 IMHO, and maybe a tad better than the regular 16.
Good but not the 16 of course.
I may have been tasting a newer and not as good bottle of Lag 16, because I found the 1991 to be superior, side-by-side. Nose was peat, brown sugar, salt. The sherry gets more prevalent after a while with a little shoe polish. The palate is smoked bacon, and smoked salmon - spicy, peppery and hot. The finish is long and salty. Lag 16 was sweeter on the nose in a lighter way with less smoke and less sherry. Seemed thinner on the palate. I liked the distiller's edition more.
Whereas the 1990 Distiller's Edition was a notch above the standard Lag 16, I think this one is a notch below.
Medium bronze-amber color. Sweet and oaky nose that morphs into bitter and spicy palate. Lingers for a little while.
Everything I love about Lagavulin 16, made better. I couldn't stop going back to this. Why drink something else if you can drink this? One of the best I have ever tasted.
From nose to extended finish, a perfect balance of peat and barrel. The top of the Lagavulin line, in my opinion.
Just beautiful. Dark amber color. Gets essentially everything right in the sherry, smoke, peat balance. The flavors all come together so perfectly. I can't add anything else to what others have said, but this is one worth seeking out.
One of those privileged whiskies that makes me think, "Excellent." This is blissfully amazing, rich, complex, and... Yeah, I love it. Waves and waves of rolling phenols - smoky, medicinal, earthy, rich sweet yumminess. The sherry that's present melds in a way that doesn't scream sherry, but instead combines with everything else to create new distinct and rich flavors. This is a freight train, a tornado of deep rich flavor. Definitely one of my top all-time whiskies.
Strong, peat/iodine nose, which eventually reveals some hints of caramel/sherry. Initially there is pure peat and smoke in the mouth, which then gives way to some late fruit/floral flavors. The finish was a bit abrupt and then disappeared, which I found a bit odd. I really, really enjoyed this other than the finish. Overall, an excellent bottle.
My thoughts are covered more or less in the other reviews, but this has a nice amber color with a good mix of smoke and shery. Really like this one, but not enough to push it into elite category.
Smoke and tar. Quite smoky and uncomplex. Don't mistake this for the 2007 release.
Light brown color. Sweet nose with a lot of chocolate and some subtle sherry. The palate is really intriguing with a fantastic blend of the elements from the nose plus big smoke and wood elements. Smoke bomb on the way down. Absolutely delicious!
Light golden color. Sweet cocoa on the nose, with a rich peat sensation. Light on the tongue. Getting some banana. Nice explosion on the back end.
Light and fragrant. Baby powder and brine. Kind of farm yardy. Ash and smoke from a freshly put out fire.
Light and woody malt mixed with just a hint of peat.
A cheap, simple, yummy classic.
Smoke and earth that stick to what the Froyg does best then hammers quickly to a nice finish.
Best one dimension for $30, hands down.
BTW, this tastes twice as good with a campfire.
Big on peat and medicinal notes with a lot of brine.
Definitely among the best if you take cost into account.
Great value for your money and one I will always have open and available on hand.
Most of them a lot older and some from sherry casks.
So it didn't get a fair shake going against 15-30 year olds.
Delicious sweet peat, fruit, and chocolate, with so much other rich stuff in the phenols/earthy range that I can't describe it, I just wanna drink it. Rough edges of youth are part of the experience and obviously the flavor.
Massive amounts of peat require a small addition of water to bring out the full flavor. Not quite as complex as Lag 16 but great.
Orange peel and citrus, sugar and peat.
The finish fills me with joy.
Sweet aromas and peat on the nose, then a little gauze and clay. The palate is salty with iodine, rich dried fruit, maybe figs, and quite salty. The finish is salty seaweed. One to savor. Hated it the first time I ever had it. It's an old friend now.
Well what do you think this is gonna taste like? Cask-strength peat/smoke/medicinal stuff in abundance, and darn tasty. Though whisky keeps getting more expensive, this remains a great buy.
This is a monster.
Lots of great briney medicinal qualities you love in the regular 10, but this is amped up.
Add some water to this and it brings out more of the spice and some fruit.
Same big BBQ peat notes. Lots of charred and smoked bacon.
Chewy viscosity with tarry sooty stuff.
Nice sherry sweetness emerges in the mid palate and it finishes with wood and cloves.
Nose of vanilla, some Chardonnay, and of course smoke. Palate is smoke, gentle sweetness. This is good, not super-smoky but enough to satisfy a peathead. What's here is good. Importantly, just a tiny splash of water improves this greatly - much more richness and smoke opens up, and the fire and less-lovable aspects are tamed. The finish fades quickly, which is disappointing. But add a few drops of H20 to this, and for certain you've got a nice, smoky, very drinkable companion.
This was great. Richer than the 10, and a heavier mouthfeel than the LP1 which I enjoyed very much. This has a little more of everything. More heat and smoke, but probably complex wood smoke, not as pure peat. And some caramel sweetness to balance it. I kept going back for this one.
When you pour the whisky, baby, pour one for the Duke.
Just don't pour him 14 more, cause it might make him... Anyway, I really liked this malt as a slightly more toxic Lag 16.
Nice smoky-ness.
The peat somehow soaks into the tongue like sponge and then stays with you for a non-traditional finish.
More please.
Peat and iodine on the nose, and then big peat, phenol, smoke and salt, but also a bit of oak/vanilla.
Fully smoky flavor with bits of fruity and slight spice. Semi-dry. The alcohol is a bit too prominent in the finish, but not enough to ruin it. An engaging scotch, except for that alcohol over-presence, it's odd and hot for 40% which nearly pushed it over.
Very dry, floral, and peaty.
Finish burns quite a lot for 40%.
Big Laphroaig, nicely balanced funky rubbery notes with sweet peat.
Viva Laphroaig!
Loads of BBQ and medicinal stuff.
A fair bit of sweetness of butter pecan ice cream.
Big, bold and full.
A very different Laphroaig - more floral and with lighter aspects - and very good.
Very uplifting and floral!
Excellent!!
This is definitely one for Islayphiles. Certainly smokey, definitely some medicinal aspects, sweet, and quite big. The long finish continues waves of the previous with some spice mixed in. There's some fire to this, 50/50 warming vs. Burning, and water helps but diminishes the best flavors. In some ways, this has noticeable flavor/body similarities to the worshipful Lagavulin 21. All-in-all a nice little indie Laphroaig to have on your shelf.
Very nice, enjoyable, well balanced, mildly sherried Laphroaig.
I could not stop drinking this - among a half dozen other top whiskies. Nose is medicinal, Duraflame log. Palate is mint chocolate ice cream, salt, pleasant complexity. The finish . . . Is still going. Hot, spicy, peppers, smoke . . . Kill me now and I'll die happy.
Nose is pretty classic Laphroaig, gentle smoke and pears. Palate is a sweet peat explosion. I'm not sure that there's any real surprises in here, it's textbook in a very good way. Very long finish. Watch out because this is massively powerful, but extremely good.
Smoked ham on the nose.
Lots of solid campfire notes that remind me of Lagavulin.
A big Laphroaig without the bandaids and iodine that usually show up.
This was very good and a solid peater that I would love to have a bottle of.
Finish lasted most of the night...
Very faint in my glass doesn't indicate what a monster this one will be. A huge nose of smoke, vanilla and some weird funky smell I can't describe. On the tongue, I get some more smoke and peat and quite frankly too much wood. This was a little bitter for me and not in my wheelhouse of flavor combinations I always enjoy. It hits you with a huge pop and actually faded rather quickly on me. Still an excellent dram, but doesn't have the complexity I taste in the other bottlings.
Rubber and mulling spices.
Briny and sweet... Like kissing a pirate.
The peat hangs in the back of the mouth like a maritime fog.
It's the 18th century royal naval fleet mixed with brown sugar and alcohol.
YARRRRHHHHHHH!
Smells of a smokey old attic.
Enters the mouth with a delicious rush of smoky sweet delight, with a leathery, chewy aspect that I really like.
Sweet peat on the nose and on the palate. This is a very clean Laphroaig, a bit sweeter than expected, and quite enjoyable.
Light turpentine, little else. Miniscule peat. Tastes watered down. Long faint finish.
Lightly fruited, pleasant, Islay nose. Taste is very thin. Mild, somewhat smokey finish. This is fine, but lacks the complexity of other Laphroig offerings, and particularly for the price is not recommended.
Nose is chardonnay, vanilla, dried hay. On the palate it's oddly watery - very much so. Mildly sweet, with tinges of earth, fruit, spice, and a trace of smoke. There's not a whole lot going on. Somewhat reminiscent an Irish whiskey. As you drink more and it opens up, bigger fruit emerges with a cinnamon base. As the glass continues to drain, the flavors diminish and some bitterness emerges. A decently enjoyable glass and it goes down fine.
Raw peat. Axle grease. Filthy rubber. Good if your into that sort of thing.
Very punchy peat on the nose. Very sweet peat on the palate. With some acid kicking in at the end along with a nice maltiness late palate. The finish is back to that punchy peat from the nose. Very punchy peat on the nose. Very sweet peat on the palate. With some acid kicking in at the end along with a nice maltiness late palate. The finish is back to that punchy peat from the nose.
Tons of phenolic notes with cinnamon gum and bright citrus zest. Toasted malt and smoked meats. Very enjoyable and bright. Oily texture and smooth. The finish faded though.
Bit of funk and salt. Usually get better from this distillery and bottler.
A hot, young, exciting Laphroaig that will tempt you to leave your ten year old. Or have them side by side.
Iodine, fish oil and shellfish.
With a nice toastiness.
Nose of woodsmoke, with a hint of sugary stuff, and a hint of wet horse. The palate - woah. An interesting rush of a different-kind-of-smoke. Coal and tar mainly. Not monstrous. Fall fruits. And now I'm getting dandelions in my nose a bit. Finish continues the theme. The more you drink, the sweeter and more sugary this gets... Which is the icing on the cake, so to speak, and it keeps bringing me back for more.
The nose is peaty, medicinal. The palate is ore of the same. Good. The finish is complex sweetness, bitter peat and a little salt. OK.
This another bottle that got a bad seat in the tastings... Last after 7 solid sherried or bourbon casks... It was just too different... I think.
Nose is cinnamon and bacon and Palate with some bite on the tongue.
Spicey peat but the nose screams more that the palate provides.
I thought it was weaker than I wanted and I gave it a B blind.
If you are a more sophisticated whisky drinker like myself, you'll enjoy the subtle beauty of this malt that foolish others might miss.
The typical aggressive peaty attack is replaced with berries, apricot, and pineapple.
It's like the oil left over in a tin of fruit cup was mixed into it.
This has that special extra dimension I look for in a peated whisky.
Wonderful.
Nose: orange peel iodine, roasted peppers, coal, pine tar, chlorinated water.
Non-complex medicinal water finish.
A semi-rich maple nose.
Taste is rich and sweet initially... But just disappearing in the finish which is not enjoyable.
Slightly nutty, with mold.
This sucks.
A sharp finish unnecessarily overwhelms some very enjoyable smoothness. With a few drops of water, it mellows out nicely.
Fruity and flowery nose.
Taste is sharp with a touch of peppermint.
Then, a sting before a long finish that turns smoky on a dime.
Pretty good.
Sweeter and more bourbony.
Kind of thin and weak and more medicinal.
Peat more overshadowed here by alcohol-y notes.
This stuff is medicinal and peaty through and through with some coastal elements coming through on the finish. This is textbook Laphroaig.
Port Wood Edition: Deep brown-orange amber color. I really loved the nose which has wet-sweet BBQ sauce, pepper and other grilling type aromas. Very pleasant and enticing. The palate was very sharp peated-oak, which goes to the edge but doesn't fall over in terms of bitterness. Was a little underwhelming from the nose, but still enjoyable. The finish is excellent and has a nice aftertaste and long draw. I noticed that I thought air did not help this one and I preferred it right out of the gate.
Regardless, it's a very good whisky if you like Laphroaig. Side by side with Lagavulin 16, I preferred this. The nose has the maple syrup sherry mixed with gauze and iodine and sea air, and wet Islay peat bog. The palate is something like a cask strength version of Laphroaig 15, but richer with all of the syrup, medicinal, and peat flavors. A hint of salt and pepper. And the finish turns to more of the sweetness, lighter syrup. Long and satisfying.
I tried all three of the first releases together and this one was my favorite.
A rather lemony version of Laphroaig, big peat with a lot of spicy zing.
Good stuff.
Smokey, musty nose. Palate is very smokey and mildly sweet, with a whole bunch of peat/earth/that stuff and some medicine. A peat treat and a good buy.
Intensely smoky and medicinal, this is definitely Laphroaig on overdrive. And really tasty.
Decent nose, yet another average peated whisky.
I guessed this was a Caol Ila, but it turned out to be a Laphroaig.
I expect more from Laphroaig.
It's like licking a model T tire in moldy hay in a sulfur mine.
Super smoke, and while I like it, it strikes me as a sort of one-dimensional traditional Islay that I've tried many times before. But I'm sure I'll be drinking more of it...
Nose of tart smoke, very familiar Islay character, with dust and leather. Palate is traditional, peaty Islay smoke. Finish is short. Not a lot to say about this one. It's good and completely-somewhat-above-average peaty stuff.
This was very interesting... First impression was M&Ms with some sulphur and dusty earthy dryness.
Did not taste like malt barley though... Too nutty.
But it was certainly interesting.
I go with the B for the unusual character but only for that.
Garbage.
Peaty, with that sometimes-enjoyable-sometimes-not "farty" quality. Good, but the fartiness is too farty to earn a better grade.
Thin and dry.
It tries to run away and I let it.
I don't think this is ready.
Get back in the barrel.
Wow, lots of peat and iodine on the nose. Scents of rubber and industrial plastic underneath all the peat. Palate shows restrained peat with lots of vanillas and a nonexistent finish.
The strong caramel in the nose continues straight through the tail of the finish. This is a very interesting whisky, but just okay to me.
Very strong citrus, sugar, dessert.
Really enjoyable.
Long finish.
Nose is mild phenols and smoke with floral aspects. Yummy islay character hits the mouth with a rounded sweetness of smoke/peat/earthiness/phenols. Vanilla notes and slight sherry influence, and the floral notes add another dimension. The finish is where this stumbles, becoming a bit too alcoholy and losing dimension. But still a very good whisky.
Nose of white wine, honeysuckle, peaches, raspberries, and apples that are kinda spoiled... And a synthetic component like Silly String. The palate is pleasantly light and slightly complex and fruity, but not with the depth the nose seemed to hint at. And that odd synthetic flavor shows up here too. The finish continues the theme at length, but as far as enjoyability, this is just above ehhh.
Malty and kinda sweet but that's about it. Indistinct sweetness and dark tea. Not much else. No finish.
Dry, full bodied smoke bomb.
All smoke but no fire!!!
Satisfying but one dimensional.
Floral hints.
Not a lot of peat.
Smooth but not "scotchy" enough.
Nose is sweet & butterscotchy.
Sweet, tasty, sherry notes, and even a tiny tinge of cinnamon at the very end.
Like it.
Strong, but indistinct nose. No peat, some warm cherry taste. Interesting pink color, above average, but pretty indistinct.
Generically whatever.
Sharp. Substantial peat. Smooth. Not too salty.
Spicy peat on the nose.
A tasty sweet syrup in which the peat takes a back seat to strong citrus flavors, mainly oranges.
Ledaig seems to be very hit or miss, this one is a hit.
Alcohol and paint thinner nose with a little smoke. Way too potent undiluted, but mellows nicely with water and develops a sweeter nose with a more manageable if unspectacular palate. I liked this more at first but my interest started to wane the longer I drank it.
Holy Hiker Batman!
This hit me dead on from the second it touched by mouth as trail mix, apricots, raisins, and nuts.
Heavy on the rains though.
The initial taste smacks hard and fast the slips away into this oily bathwater finish that is fortunately very fleeting.
If only that first second lasted longer...
Nose of apricots, white wine, sugar, somewhat alcoholy, and motor oil hints. Palate is fruity - apricots and nectarines - and rather sweet. Hints of spice and some sherry. Finishes as before at medium length. This takes water very well, and with relatively generous amounts you end up with a pleasantly sweet palate of vanilla, light caramel, and light fruit/wine notes that chase the fire away. There's nothing wrong here but nothing great, yet this is worth trying.
This screams average. A nose that wants to be pleasant and is slightly sweet, but then goes to alcohol/turpentine. Ok on the palate - thin, some light fruit, then it gets hot without any distinct character on the finish. Ok, not memorable.
Nose of resinous varnish, with strong fruit - notably cantaloupe - and tobacco hints. Palate enters smooth and easy and sweet, but rich, with more melon in the background. This continues with woody/spicy notes with maybe some tobacco and ginger. The medium-length finish of good, rich spice has slight smoke notes creeping in. Very enjoyable.
Nose is pine forest meets shoe polish, with sweet notes. Palate is rather plain initially, and develops into a nondescript scotchy/grain-whisky-ish alcohol-y blandness. Some interesting notes here, but they don't compensate for anything, and the finish kills it.
The nose smells like honeycomb, sweet malty nectar.
Such high hopes.
And then it goes nowhere.
Very flat and tasteless.
Light yet delicious wine-nut-sherry-grapey tastiness. Wish it were higher proof... Why did this need to be diluted at all?! Anyhow, it's so light yet so tasty that you could drink this like Kool Aid.
Very meaty on the nose, brisket, and some solventy notes.
A generally pleasant malt but disappointingly weak on flavor given it's lovely color.
Grows on you after a while, need to let the flavors build up over time.
A subtle old lass from an era gone by.
A wonderful fruity nose with spicy crispness.
Add water to get some sweeter fruits back but still weaker than the nose fortold.
Oooh. OOOH. Awesomeness. Citrusy, green, very minty and refreshing. Somewhat dry, but not as much as the age would imply. Peppery, spice-cabinet-y. I'm glad the other guys don't like this as much as I do, because I will be hoarding this bottle at the next couple meetings.
Nose of fruits, notably real bananas. The taste is an odd one. Light, but with peculiar dancing and fleeting notes of varied real and artificial fruit flavors. In the finish, new flavors emerge not yet seen. This whisky is at first a discovery... Then a disaster. It can't sustain... After a few sips, soap and general blecchh come to the forefront and stay there. Swing and a miss.
Fruity, floral-sweet nose.
Hits the palate perfectly with sweetness that's both encompassing yet not overwhelming. Noticeable maltyness. Finish lingers a moment with warmth that isn't hot. Perhaps tainted by a bit of sulfur, yet that's part of the flavor. There's nothing overwhelmingly remarkable about it, yet I find myself craving this bottle which makes it special, and definitely a true find for the price.
Smells like french toast with maple syrup. Malt and floral notes, evaporative, blood oranges and sugar in the finish.
Creamy nose with peanut brittle and white pepper. Stale Vaporous alcohol with nuttiness and astringent malt. Brown fresh fruits and limes in the medium length finish.
Empty nose, overly delicate, Dewarsy light malt.
Light and fruity and malty, and tasty. Rather basic yet rather enjoyable.
Smooth, sweet, fruity, simple, but forgettable.
Fruity grape nose, light smoke in the finish.
Happy.
Spice, cane sugar, and a tart tanginess are the most noticeable aspects of this otherwise subtly flavored whisky. The dimension could be broader, but the flavors that are there are craveable and accentuated by the cask strength - although this takes water extremely well and I prefer it with a decent amount.
Apples, white wine, and milk caramel in the nose.
The palate is sweet, fruit, vanilla caramel and toffee with spicy notes.
Salt on the crossover to the finish.
The finish continues the theme, lingering pleasantly.
The power of this makes it not for everyone, though. But I've had this bottle sitting on my desk for the past few nights and have really enjoyed killing it.
Very thick and velvety, bit of woody bourbon, clover flowers, and sugarcane with a fleeting finish.
Roasted nut with the sweetness of stale dilute white wine and hints of all spice. Thin and stale on the palate with some sweetness. No real finish. This is a boring malt.
Bready, malty with a something that reminds me of a urinal at the beach. Yuck, this must be what it tastes like to drink from a urinal.
Coconut and dried fruit, the coconut being quite prominent. Toffee notes. The palate is exciting, full-flavored with sherry and spice notes. This lingers into the medium-length pleasing finish, with the coconut returning in the end. For a 21 year, it's a bang-for-your-buck, although the proof is low and the actual source of the malt a mystery.
Earthy nose.
Palate is mossy.
There is a softness to this, different, mild, easy.
Fruit wood - reminds me of an American Single Malt and stinky socks.
Grass notes and earthyness. Semi-sweet-to-bitter chocolate. Solvent. Finishes not as good as it turns hotter, more bitter, but I still approve.
Menthol in the nose, with slight caramel.
Palate is woody and bitter.
Nose is oaky.
Smoky cigar taste.
Peppermint sting at the end, which doesn't last.
Light gold color. The nose was very pleasant and featured bubblegum, citrus, spices and also had some Glenlivet type elements with some apple. The palate was floral and woody with some definite soap notes. Initial bitter taste which dissipates over time. Did not like the palate nearly as much as the nose.
Sweet and wheaty.
A bit young and bitter palate.
Cashews and unripened citrus.
Peppery finish.
Unoffensive but a tad boring.
Nose of oranges, and slight waffles with syrup. Palate is buttered popcorn, salt, and smooth spice with an excellent mouthfeel. Turns more spicy and malty in the finish. I like.
Charred maple syrup and licorice. Wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
Sharp nose, oranges, and sort of a sickly sweet floral scent. Minor farts present. Palate is watery and uninteresting. Moderately sweet, with some malt, alcohol, and little else. Finish is fleeting. There's not much to love here - you can suck this down if you don't mind the alcoholy-ness, but I just don't get it.
Did Glenmorangie 10 get demolished? Boring and bland. Faint citrus.
Light fruit and spice and sugar. Somewhat one-dimensional.
Nose is very spirituous for a 43%, trace of white wine and grape juice, humming bird feed.
Surprisingly sweet given the nose, almost bubblegum like.
Quick and sweet.
Overall the sweetness is too cloying.
Odd nose.
Good whisky.
Bowmore-like.
Thin nutty yet tart nose. Metallic tasting with no finish.
Weak nose.
Taste has slight oranges, alcohol, and smoke.
Woody palate, almost smoky.
Soft finish, subtle.
Boring toffee, not offensive, but not really good.
Tastes watered down.
Nose of caramel and hard candies. Palate is caramel-y and lightly fruity, an easy number. Finish is medium-length with a little cayenne. Nothing spectacular here, this is a familiar bourbon-casked flavor profile for a single malt, but it's fine and enjoyable.
Nose has light sherry and malt, very pleasant. On tasting, the first thing you get is sherry, followed by some sweetness and then a nice little whisper of malt. Mostly sherry on the finish. A mildly sherried Speysider that is pleasant but not particularly distinctive.
I'd say it's overpriced for what it is.
Sherry bomb.
Nothing but old dark sherry - softer palate than expected.
Strawberries and raisins something of oak resin in the finish … Yep the resin sticks with it longer than I like and turns bitter. Would have scored higher but for bitterness in finish.
Really nice very old sherry - age comes out in the finish.
Not a classic sherry monster as I might've expected, but with a spice-based complexity that competes for attention, and altogether hugely delicious.
Spicy dry tobacco, cherry flavored cough drops, bubble gum, licorice, leather, strawberry candy, raspberry and a lot of oak.
Love the nose of cough syrup and prunes - wood resin and excellent deep sherry.
Palate is harsher than expected.
Very resinous and rubbery leather.
Water brings it down to earth with coca cola notes and maybe too much wood resin.
Finish is longer than long.
The nose says this would be a solid A for me but I think maybe it spent a few too many years in the wood.
Nose: sherry city. Palate: sherry city!! Huge, with steak spices. Finish: still in the city. Cayenne and dried red pepper emerges. This takes water extremely well and I prefer it that way. A little flat, but this is great whisky.
Rum, high alcohol content, deep, rich, sweet.
Deep plum red color. The nose has red fruits soaking in wet wood, hints of an ashtray, some BBQ sauce perhaps, and just a hint of peat with general hints of spice. The palate is rich of plum juice and toasted oak. The nose was a lot more fun to me, but I liked this one overall.
Honey and cinnamon. This is a well-composed whisky, the sweetness is in perfect balance with the oak. Great finish with more of the same.
Watermelon, cherry, sherry, and damp wood.
What a complex mouthblast!
Strong and full yet not at all cloying.
Initially a lot of alcohol vapors.
Waves of sweet fruit and citrus zest follow.
Fruits are more lively on the palate followed by waxiness of green apple peels and bitter lemon peel.
The tang from the lemon peel caries over to the medium lengthed finish.
Nose is nutty and floral, with white wine, and slight ammonia. Palate is fruity and decently-tasty, sweet, with light spice... I taste some cilantro. In the long finish, some pepper enters.
Water tames the cask-strength flames without losing much, letting the sweetness come through better, and opening up some notes of peaches. This is certainly decent-enough whisky, but it's approaching the cask-strength version of "ehh," and on the lower end.
Cherry nose.
Heavy sherry, mossy.
Nose of roasted ham, molasses, perfect sherry both spicy and sweet, finishes with big clean flavor.
This was aged in a bourbon hogshead. Whisky candy. The nose is orange blossom, light shoe leather, and cookie dough. The nose adds more sugar, lemon drop candy. The alcohol is very strong and it does better with water. The finish is light, but lingers with licorice jelly bean flavors. There are better whiskies, but this is quite unique and really enjoyable. If you want a light dessert malt, this is a good one.
Nose is fruity and nectar-y. The palate is - well, nectar-y! Sweet, fruity, floral, very vanilla, and easy. Long finish. Yum!
Solid bourbon cask with cereals and malts.
Nose is spicy and tangy.
Solid and worth the price.
This has a medium bronze color, with a slight red glow. A little wood and honey on the nose. The palate is rich and the wood and honey are still present. Quite a bit of citrus peel. A nice pop on the finish. Overall there is nice depth. To me I get more bitter/sour elements on the tongue, but still a really nice whisky.
Grassy nose, hay, with lesser scents of hard candies. Strawberry in particular. A touch of peanut butter. Palate is zingy and great, red berries and oak. Oak amplifies in the finish and becomes... Um... A nice oaky oak. Very quaffable and I like it quite a bit.
No review, but from memory I loved this one.
Much better than the '71.
Even though it's not an Islay malt, it sure smells like one. Smoke and dirty boots. And, wow! I never knew dirty boots tasted so good. The palate doesn't have deep complexity, but the sweetness and medium-level-smoke combine here so very, very well. YUM.
Nose is sea brine, light white peat, lime? Palate is salty, peaty, turns to bitter cola nut, medium body. Finish is OK. Salty. Good stuff.
This nose is very farm yardy.
Lots of dry hay and grass.
But theres a fair bit of peat smoke and lighter notes of pineapple.
Its light and refreshing on taste with fruits and sherry.
It ends with a bit of mustiness that I didn't care for.
For as much as Longrow is supposed to more heavily peated than Springbank, I was expecting more out of this one.
The peat is too... Light.
Needs more oomph in the nose and the Palate says Springer with a bit of peat... Which is exactly what it is so I shouldn't be surprised right?
Well I was hoping for a peat monster and instead got a whiff.
Maybe this will get better with age but I don't think I will pay what Preiss Imports plans on charging for this in the US.
Good dose of peat smoke initially.
This had nice briney fishy-ness to it.
Dry hay and tea with sweet toffee make this very tasty.
A little zing of citrus creeps up on you toward the finish.
Light color for 18 years. Nose is light peat - somewhere between Ardbeg and Laphroaig in its quality, not power. Sweet under ripe bananas, hint of gasoline. Palate is lots of peat smoke, smoked salmon. Very tasty. Finish is salty with some wonderful white pepper. I really liked this among 6 other Campbeltown whiskies, including some highly rated Springbanks.
Only light peat overall.
But the palate is thick and coats the entire mouth.
Nice.
Overall, a decent peated whisky, but something was off and not particularly enjoyable.
Peat is absent, unlike other Longrows, yet nothing like a Springbank either.
Reminded me of a bad tea that just made for a weird experience although not hostile in any direct way.
Taste before buying.
I got this after people raved about it but I wasn't a very big fan.
Its very malty and salty.
I ended up giving my bottle away because it just sat there.
The nose on the Leviathan has a new make quality similar to the Lost Spirits Seascape, very malty, also with some smoky mezcal notes. On the palate I expected a peat assault, but it's more of that smoky mezcal. The finish has peat notes, but also lots of dark chocolate. The finish has barbecue ash. If I was blind tasting this, I most certainly would have guessed that it was a smoky mezcal.
Light golden color. Comes across obviously as heavily peated, but more funky than the Leviathan I. On the nose I get leather, moldy and wet wood, and a little dry cocoa. On the palate it is chewier than the Leviathan I. The peat and leather also continue. The finish is fantastic. It literally just pauses in the back of the throat and just lingers forever. Really good.
Orange amber color. A delicate nose, that is meadowey and grassy. In the background I can pick out some trees and syrup. On the palate, sweet and grassy, but with a little bitter aftertaste. The rye notes are present, but not overpowering and not overly spicy. Oxygen really helps this one. Really cool to do the two releases side by side, because similar profiles are there, but nuanced differences that make it interesting.
Orange amber color. The nose is fairly light, but hints at rich syrup and pine trees. Really invokes nature in a crisp way. On the palate it is very sweet and rich, with vegetal notes. Very good. An intriguing after-taste that I can't pin down finishes this one up. The Lot 40s are the best Canadian whiskies I have ever had.
Nose of apples, white wine, sherry. Palate is almost-rich, sherried, some spice, toffee. Good sweetness. This all continues in the medium-long finish, with coffee joining and lingering long after.
Simple yet bursting with smooth flavors. Nothing intense here but it doesn't need it, since the simplicity is so sweet and clean. An exceptional bang for your buck, if you can find it.
Very different from the 1938. Nose of wet dog, more sherry than the 1938. Spices and tea, and though there's a tea-like quality to the 1938, this one has it much stronger. An immensely-enjoyable, immensely-drinkable, elusively complex delight.
Nose hits me with a lot of middle-eastern-food aromas, and lentil soup in particular. Tea, grapes, shawarma, falafel... Wow, what's the palate gonna be like? Well, I'll tell you in two words: HOLY SH*T. Everything the nose promised, tea-like-sherry woven moderately throughout, amazingly sweet for the age - in fact, it doesn't seem tarnished by excessive oak at all - and very well-balanced. What distillery is actually in the bottle? I don't care, just somebody please buy me one of these.
A sweet and homey kind of a sippin' malt.
One of my first malts that made me want more.
A must have for any cabinet.
Fruity, winey, porty. The things going on here don't mesh well for me. Just doesn't quite work.
I go back and forth from loving it to thinking it's OK. Lately, my palate likes the flavor profile. A 2008 bottle is giving me butter and brown sugar in the nose, like cookie dough. A little grassiness too. The palate is sweeter with some dried fruit and a little burnt caramel. Finish is moderate. At $40 for a bottle, it's good deal for your sherry craving.
A much darker sherried macallan 18 compared to the newer stock.
I had heard lots of very bad things about this particular year so I was prepared for the worst.
But this was nice.
As stated darker sherried notes with lots of anise and bits of smoke.
Not so much going on with the palate.
I was expecting more sherry fruits.
I do feel the new stock has more going on though.
It doesn't live up to its very bad reputation, but then again I havent had much of the 70's stock to compare it to.
It doesn't suck, but there's a funk to it that turns me off from wanting more. I see why people were pissed when this hit shelves.
Nose of sherry, slight rubber, and green apples. Palate has those green apples again, with mixed fruit. Lightly sweet. Very light spice. Short finish could use improvement, though pleasant slighter traces linger at long length. Overall this is a very quaffable beverage, yet not light-bodied. Discovering what this was was like, "Oh, seriously? Huh." Another vintage that I'm not thrilled with, it's interesting how much they can vary.
A classic scotch.
Maply nose. Rich, bold taste with hints of tobacco.
Warm, smooth oaky finish. Classic scotch taste.
Nose of maple syrup, candied apples, long full finish.
Rich, robust flavor... But oddly brief.
Some warmth.
Simple yet satisfying.
Sweet nose. Pleasant. Has rich, warm notes. Crackly roasted caramel flavor. There is almost no finish at all. It's warm and delicious, but doesn't linger. No aftertaste, good or bad. This is smoky and sweet all at once and is very drinkable.
Sweet, caramel nose. I like the taste a lot - a hint of chocolate in there - but i can't call it complex, and it doesn't really crescendo to anything profound.
And the finish is fine, though predictable.
Very good, not quite magic.
This edition lacks the complexity and deliciousness I like in the 18.
Sherry stands out too much even for a Macallan, somehow the balance is off.
Still certainly enjoyable.
I like this. It has a slight smokey, tobacco taste to it.
A solid and huge sherry sweetness with subtle bubblegum notes but still the flowery lilac kinda thing that only Mac 18 can give.
My current go-to favorite. A complete whisky that smells, tastes, and finishes exactly the way I like it.
Ahh Mac 18, the sherry standard... Pffft.
It's gentle, mild toasted sherry that makes you feel nice and warm.
But what else?
Where's the sherry naughtiness?
It's like a Mac cask-strength got watered down too much.
Paying $140 makes me almost want to give it a lower rating, but to be honest, it is a solid scotch, so I don't.
I'd never buy a bottle, but I'd never turn down a free either.
Hmmm... Let's see... Sherry goodness with bubblegum and floral notes.
Not unlike the '87.
Good continuation of a theme, and quite addicting.
The nose is butterscotch candy. The palate is buttermilk , less than the nose. So light and smooth. Nothing is off-putting. Very sweet and drinkable. Goes down smooth. Candy like quality. The finish is long and satisfying. I get why a lot of people only want to drink this. It's so easy to drink.
Bummer... Back to where it was before... After the great leap they took in 1989, I thought this would also be spectacular.
But, the floral notes are taking over again and killing that yummy sherry fruitiness.
Sorry, still great stuff just not as great as it could be.
Nose of citrus, toffee, something like sherry, a little musty, a little tobacco, and spiritous wisps. Palate is moderately sweet to notably sweet, and there's not a whole lot going on here. Yet it's not light... A coasting wave of honey, caramel, raisins, bright apples and citrus, and graham crackers.
Somewhat buttery. Light spice enters after a moment. Finish lingers lightly but at length, with toffee. This reminds me of a decent but not great typical Glenfarclas. A pleasant afternoon sipper.
Nose is syrupy, with sherry and dried apricots. The palate is ridiculously gentle, yet full-bodied. There's sherry of course, dried fruit and spice, and maybe a little smoke. A tangy aspect is in the palate as well. The finish is quite long, and builds in a slow crescendo. It's here that the flavors reach their full peak, about 7 seconds in. Most present in the finish are spice and oak, and something vaguely fruity. This is the definition of "Gentle Giant," and impossible not to enjoy.
Having tried this on a couple occasions, I feel confident in saying: yes, it is that good. Just a wow whisky - incredibly grapey in both the nose and palate, and as decadent as whisky gets. Dried fruits galore, raisins, cherries, dates. There isn't a great depth of complexity, but with a Macallan like this, I wasn't looking for that... In fact, this is rather "textbook sherry" in the most stellar way. It tastes nowhere near 55.5% heat-wise, just flavor-wise. As for the price, well, that's another story... Whisky can only get so good... But I think this is close to as good as it gets, as far as the flavor. No surprises, but just delightful.
Nose is butternut squash.
Palate is just a great velvety texture.
The flavor is just the typical great chocolate sherried performance you get from an old macallan.
The only ding is that is fails to distinguish itself enough from other really old Macallans or offer anything complex.
It's like an Olympian with one trick... Who keeps winning gold year after year.
A heavy sherry bomb but soft raisins and a classic floral perfume that says pre-'90s Macallan.
Palate is a bit lighter than the nose suggests.
Finish is shortish to slightly medium.
Could have been better on the palate.
Nose of giant caramel-toffee apples. Along with lots of great, sweet, rich sherry, which dominates the palate. It's quite sweet sherry, and this is one of the sweeter whiskies I've tasted. Finish is medium-length, but the best part - part of the reason being that the intensity here doesn't "stick" too long and get annoying. Instead, it ends arguably prematurely, but rather than that being a disappointment, it makes me just want another tasty sip. That's gotta count for something. A 100% hits-the-spot-when-you-want-a-sherried-whisky-whisky. Why did I let go of the other bottle I found of this? I must be a very nice, super-awesome human being.
Sweet Macallan, like candy. Nose is smooth, rum-like, with berries. The palate is smooth, a slight bitterness. The finish turns even sweeter, sugar cane, caramelized sugar. Definitely and after dinner treat.
Sweet and minty.
The nose is caramel-sherry bliss and the palate delivers on that promise.
A highlight of the night.
Nose - is this a rye? It almost smells like one. Palate is... Like a rye! Wow. Neato. I don't get it, but I like it. There's also grapes, grassy notes, and graham crackers. Semi-dry. A unique whisky for sure. WTF?
Nose and palate are primarily rye. Initially seems a bit thin, but then follows with a mid-length, somewhat rich and malty finish. Not at all characteristic of Macallan, but interesting and enjoyable.
Given the pale straw color, and the distillery, this is quite what you'd expect - sort of a Macallan Fine Oak Lite. Nose of pinot grigio and nougat. Flavor is quite light, caramel and vanilla stuff. Light but long-ish finish. I mean it's very light and quite simple, but still hard to argue with as it is what it is... A simple but tasty-enough whisky.
Sour green limes with some smoke and flint.
Familiar Macallan sherry, nose is a bit too earthy, but good.
Pleasant and drinkable but too mild.
I like a little flavor in my whiskey.
Sweet nose of toffee.
Lighter bodied palate with some malt-caramely sweetness, lacks a bit in flavor - then the finish surprises in a delicious scotchy explosion of malt, wood, spice.
Very nice nose of solid tangy sherry but the palate disappoints and makes me think that water is required... Nope, didn't help.
Too bad because the nose was solid.
Still good stuff though.
Carmel and vanilla nose, sherry and molasses, slightly oily long finish.
Sherried with some tobacco smoke but a bit too sulphured for my taste.
Smoke and lots of other weird stuff - rubbery notes for sure, and definite sherry all over the place. I was surprised to discover this is a Macallan - it is definitely not a traditional flavor profile for a Mac!
Ahh, cask strength Macallan with great sherry depth and not too much of the floral notes that can spring up at times.
Malty, moderate sherry, with lots of caramel, some vanilla, mild spice. Rather sweet. Medium-bodied. A familiar number, but decent enough to enjoy.
Yum! The bottle mentions raisins, and wow, there are definitely raisins in the nose. They continue into the palate - fruity and plummy. Some sherry flavors to be sure, but not massively so. This is a delightful whisky, and greater complexity would raise the grade. Easy-drinking yet packed with sweet, rich, raisin-y flavors. A tinge of smoke too. Tasty.
Nose is assertive and spirity, and yes, rummy. Downright threatening. But the palate isn't the scary nose, it's extremely reminiscent of a young Macallan Fine Oak... With some sorta extra kick to it. And I'm not sure that I really like that kick. Medium-length finish continues the theme. This is okay, but not super-drinkable stuff.
Nose is deep berries and dried fruits, oats, and hay. Palate is an unusual sort of spice, with mild sweetness, raisins and faint dried cherries. Long finish continues the theme, with the spice moving to the front in the tail end. This is kind of a two-note whisky, the first being a dried-fruit-oaty-sherry thing, and the second being interesting spice... Yeah, interesting. Even still, as the glass drains, this one becomes a little tiresome to me. Worth a try, though. Let me know if you come up with a better descriptor for that spice.
The nose is really interesting, especially for a Macallan: vanilla, cinnamon, cloves, and cardamom. Pears too. The palate is a fruit explosion - wow - followed by everything the nose promised. Sound good? It is, although I'd never guess this was a Macallan. A really delightful spice mix - distinct, unusual spices - which dance in the long finish. It's a lighter whisky, yet you can still chew it. I look forward to my next glass of this.
Classic Macallan Sherry profile but a bit softer.
We tried this head to head with the same bottle that was opened and let sit for two years with just about 20% left in it.
The open oxidation was obvious... Even to those who had really not tried many whiskies.
The oxidation made all of the bite go away and softened things up.
It lost something for me.
The fresh bottle was very nice with a bite and some explosive malty caramel and cherries on the palate.
Several people did like the softer profile better so in my opinion, drink your bottles when you open them... At least within a couple of years.
Nose is orange and lemon peel, little spice. Palate is light and fresh, pleasant, easy, less than the nose. Light orange flavor. Water brings out more citrus. The finish is medium, with a little citrus. Very Italian aperitif. I see why they love it. Suits Italy well.
Fruit and sherry, very drinkable and a great value for the price.
No detectable difference from the 2007 version, a big sherried whisky for a not so big price.
N: Sherry, pleasant. T: Bold, tasty, honey. F: Hot, nutmeg, oaky.
Caramel nose, heavy syrupy caramel taste. Candy, Mmmm. Warm and soothing, finish that coats the throat with a layer of delicious lacquer.
Deep sweet sherry and wood resin.
A sherry bomb that rivals Glenfarclas and Aberlour.
The three are very different but all are VERY bold sherry delights.
Molasses-y.
Nose yells sherry. Palate is sherry sherry sherry. One-note and overwhelming in that regard, but that regard is very good.
Sherry and chocolate nose. Sherry, sherry, sherry, yum. One dimensional, but it's got that one thing right.
Sherry and spice, just like Macallan cask strength.
Slightly sweet, woody nose. I realize this is cask strength, but the alcohol really overpowers this one, there's just not enough else going on here to provide balance. Water is a must, and does reveal the malt and sweetness one associates with Macallan. Overall it's pretty good, I just can't think of a compelling reason to seek it out; there are so many more interesting or well-balanced options.
Caramel nose, nutty, sherry, great nose but the rest does not follow through.
But still good.
Enjoyable maply cherry nose.
Unremarkable taste.
Short warm finish.
Not unique but not bad.
Nose of sherry, cherries, burnt caramel.
Sweet-ish smooth palate, with some pepper.
The finish is better than the palate.
Unremarkable, but not unpleasant.
Sweet, caramel nose. Warm, sherry taste, decent but unremarkable finish. Distinctly a Macallan whisky.
Nose is butter on warm pancakes. Very nice. Palate is more vanilla, spice, oak. Now getting bourbon on the nose. Water makes it sweeter. Brings out caramel and toffee. Finish is burnt toffee. Clearly young and spirity. Seems like whisky that would like some more time in the cask.
Smells like a pear/apple wine spritzer, with some cotton candy. It's a refreshing nose for a whisky. The palate - awww, booo. It's so watery. Flavor itself is okay, and is actually exactly what you'd expect from the nose in moderation. There's no notable peat or sherry influence - yeah I know what it says on the bottle, but I think the "unique combination of bourbon and sherry casks" on this one means there is "uniquely little sherry." Anyhow, it's just kind of weak and fruity, with some spice. Fine, but whatever. Too bad... I know why they did it... I just don't agree that it was necessary.
Dependable. What I go to when I need something that's kind of middle-of-the road flavor-wise, NOT quality wise. Everyone likes it.
My favorite of the Fine Oak range, this one's a bit sweeter with more vanilla/caramel aspects. I'll take it over the 21 any day.
Nose is sweet and oaky, with a little marshmallow and chocolate.
Taste is rather one dimensionally oaky and sweet, perfect in that aspect, enjoyable but not that interesting.
It's got no hook to bring me back.
Citrusy nose - oranges, lemons - and whole wheat bread. In the mouth, I say "yum," but not in a big way... The whole taste is rather indistinct. Light honey. Oaky but still sweet finish, long, with pumpernickel in the tails. This doesn't really taste in any way spectacular, just kinda plain and familiar, sweet and refined. Difficult to hate, difficult to love... I think this would appeal to people with money to burn who don't truly like the flavors of scotch whisky. Yes it's pleasant, but it's basically just a very good "ehh" whisky.
Deep floral sweet sherry.
Like the 18 year on steroids.
Loads of fruits but the darker cherries and caramels with blackcurrants and some toffee and roasted nuts.
Love this... Too bad they don't do this one very often.
Medicinal sherry nose with a dry, winy palate.
Nice medium finish.
Very drinkable; uncomplicated but tasty.
Nose is beef bullion, light sherry, rotting strawberries. Palate is actually a bit bitter. Finish is long, sweet and very balanced.
Very mild, slightly sherried nose. Explodes on the palate, simply rich, buttery, thick and syrupy, with a bit of pepper coming very late. This leads to a very long, warm, and slightly sweet finish. Overall I found this very good and more complex than most heavily sherried whiskies, but it was lacking anything exceptional to truly distinguish it.
A bit less of everything and a bit softer than the 1979 but all of the flavors are there... Just less of them.
Perhaps this bottle had been open for a while... Our taste came from a sample bottle... Perhaps the last bit from the bottle.
Nose has polenta and green apples. Palate is butter, spice, radish. Finish is pretty long and OK. Original.
For as young as we think this is... We can't really read the label, it is very expressive.
First nosing was a banana split with whipped cream and then opens up to huge sweet fruits.
Strawberries and mango/passion fruit.
Like candy in a bottle.
Just bit too... Much.
Nose is candy cane. The palate is awful dishwater.
Nose of moderate sherry and malt. Organic notes. The palate is sweet nectar - very sweet in fact - honeyed, buttery, and fruity, with oranges. The texture is glycerin-like and pleasing. In the finish, this all continues and gains a somewhat "toasted" flavor. Also gets a little bitter, but not enough to kill anything. This is a sweet, mouth-filling, yummy whisky.
Nose is syrupy with vanilla sweetness and spice.
Good body on this while retaining the sweetness that was on the nose.
A nice bourbon that you can have neat or on the rocks.
Easy sipping with sweet molasses and good woody notes.
Sweet and easy-drinkin' bourbony bourbon. Not a great depth of flavor, but still not without character - mainly sweet and somewhat honeyed. It's a bit hot for 45%, and as this is far-and-wide drank on the rocks, I tend to agree with that purposing.
The Maker's nose is... Maker's. It's rock candy. The palate is sweet but with some citrus and the typical, savory wheat notes. The finish may be the best part, a sweet Bourbon finale. It's not complex or intriguing, but it is what it is, and that is a very drinkable wheated Bourbon.
Bold and distinctive, doesn't f*** around.
Deep and woody nose, smoke and grapes, sugar at the right times.
Initial fire attributed to high %abv, but still hot even with ample water added.
But that's the only subtraction. This whiskey's pimp hand is strong.
Rich tastiness, enticing.
Interesting complexity and deliciousness.
Strong woody taste with a subdued sherry.
Water helps a lot.
This is the whisky where I finally understood the value of adding a decent amount of water. It vastly improves it, bringing out unique spice and depth. Dilute until very milky.
The nose on this is very nice with fruit and spice as well as some strong floral notes. On the palate, it's light and fruity in a pleasant way but also has the raw wood notes that are common in younger craft whiskeys. The finish is mostly medicinal.
The nose is strongly vegetal and briny with pickle juice, maybe capers.
The palate follows through with a goodly amount of spice and even some Worcestshire Sauce followed by some floral perfumy, soapy notes.
This is very similar to the independently bottled WhistlePig, also a ten year, 100% rye Canadian by an independent bottler.
The nose is alcoholy with a distinct sesame oil note. The palate is light and sweet without much discernible flavor other than a touch of milk chocolate and a medicinal note toward the end with just a touch of graniness underneath it. The finish is pretty much nonexistent. There is very little substance to this; it reminds me of some of the not very good Scotch grain whiskeys I've had.
Nose: Peat n' smoke.
Palate: Clean, peat with some sugar, followed by smoke and iodine.
Finish: Long with some emerging campfire notes.
Overall: It walks the line and I struggled to decide which side I was on. I decided to like it. Peaty mildew.
Smells like The Bog, distilled from Dagobah, Yoda's bathwater. And yet, it's peaty and smoky and delicious.
Smoky peatyness and vanilla. Like earthy cupcakes in a glass.
Sweet peat. Like a poorly aged Bowmore.
Taste is velvet! Lightly peated and easy to drink. Spectacularly good, mellowly peated whiskey.
The nose has young wood and licorice. The palate has that craft taste of young spirit aged in small barrels. There is a lot of raw wood but not too much else. The finish is slightly minty and just a little bitter.
Nose has a nice kind of honey and grassyness, with citrus notes. The palate is very mild and smooth, somewhat malty, with slight spices. Finish is very mild but lengthy, and the flavors are strongest here. An entirely enjoyable yet unremarkable whisky, though still solid.
Nose is candy corn, with some caramel and vanilla, and somewhat unique. Palate is sweet - candy corn again - and interesting. This is decent whiskey. Finish continues the theme. Overall this has a pretty unique flavor, closer to a bourbon than anything else, but it doesn't taste like any bourbon I've had before. The sweetness here is somewhat cloying, and because of that I don't think I could enjoy more than a glass or so... But I like it for the time being.
This bottle has some nice old whisky in it but is still too grainy and has some flowery notes that put me off.
This reminds me of Johnnie Walker Blue but ... Not as good.
And the price simply says no way.
So many other choices with way more flavor and goodness for 1/4 the price.
Sherry instantly assaults the nose, with wood and chocolaty caramel. The sherry onslaught continues on the palate, with woody spice. Finish is lengthy and great. This reminds me of a very aged Macallan. Seems great for a night by the fire... Or any night.
A nice easy drinking blend.
Sweet and waxy with woody notes.
Finish was nutty but disappeared very quickly.
A lot of caramel, almonds, buttery, and a little smoke.
Round and sweet with some oak in the finish.
Grows on you after a while, but not something I'm gonna seek out.
Maybe it's profile is just too nice and blend-like for me.
Plain and simple light flowers of grass and pears.
Fruity after a few minutes but just not something I would go to again.
Honey nose, nuts, fruity floral taste with spice by the finish.
Mmmm... Spicy and warm.
Very enjoyable on first sip.
Unmemorable, though, after tasting and comparing some of the more distinct whiskies.
This is above average, but lacks something "special."
The Danny Ainge of single malts.
Nose is honey, obviously. But it makes for a very mellow and enjoyable drink. Just not special.
Nose is sweet, honey and bananas, almost non-alcoholic. Simple, sweet, forgettable flavor.
Unremarkable.
Finish is the same.
Sage and oats, floral oaky finish.
Smells of sweet, sweet honey nut cheerios, but it tastes like... Sweet, sweet honey nut cheerios.
Sweet fruity nose.
Fruity sweet taste.
Short unimpressive finish.
Nose of bright sherry, citrus/fruit, and some tobacco. Palate is sweet, rather round and sherried, with spice in the background. Finishes as before, rather tannic, and slightly alcoholy. Basically this is all about some decent sherried whisky - not great sherried whisky, but decent. For the $40 I paid, I'm satisfied enough.
Sort of a typical bourbon-casked flavor, with mint and parsley.
Sugar Monster, lemon and light spice, oily, mouth coating, and quite enjoyable.
Creamy texture, great nose.
Reminds me of a ponderosa forest.
Nose of solvent and sorta-sherry. Floral. Smoke wisps. Seems interesting. Now the palate - Yum!! I love it when I can say that. A burst of milky caramel and vanilla, followed spice in the midpalate. Finish is very, very long, with spice and dried fruits emerging. There's some sulfur in here that detracts, but it's still a very good whisky. Yum again!
The nose has sherry and a little burnt wood, caramelized sugar. The palate continues and adds dried fruits and spice and little of that unique Mortlach tar flavor that no one else has. This is one of the best Mortlachs I have had from an independent bottler - not as complex as Flora and Fauna, but close. And the price is great.
Deep raisin purple color. The nose is a little strong with raisin and rhubarb in full force. Obviously a sherry bomb. Spicy palate with the sherry influences really come out. Somewhat sour and bitter, but as a general matter not nearly as complex as was hoping. Starts strong and winds down pretty quickly for me. A little water helped.
Sweet sherry nose, spiced carrot cake, oak. Palate is a rubbery sherry. Strong chew in the finish, raisins, very lingering tannins. Minutes after a sip, I'm still stuck with that overly dry feeling in the corners of my mouth. Water helps, but this is just too oaky for me. Others won't care.
The nose has lightly sulfured sherry with some sweet fruit notes. The palate is a very dry sherry with a hint of sulfur and some spice. On the finish, it's prunes and dry sherry. This is a very nice, dry sherried malt.
"Celebratory" is how I describe the nose - exciting pungent apples and cider vinegar. The palate is sweet, tasty, buttery, rich, with some spice notes and cedar, and whole wheat. Finish is medium-short. I like this, it's just not great.
Light barley nose, tastes bready with some sherry, nice but unremarkable.
Lacks finish.
Eh.
Just a big round sherry thang, very tasty, clean n' fruity.
Bathwater.
It should be noted however, that wine casks that give other people "grapey" notes gives me "bathwater" instead.
Very light and faint color. The nose packs a punch and has a lot going on - moldy grass? citrus, vanilla, sea salt in the air, and an overall musty vibe. The palate is not as intriguing as the nose, but is more predominately full of this moldy taste and wood with a slight bitter after taste in the middle of my tongue. Over time the bitterness fell away so give this one some time.
The best tea I've ever drank. That about says it.
Sweet, interesting, spiritous. Difficult-to-pin-down flavors that are sharp and tasty.
White wine and solvent in the nose - notably with bright, tangy fruit, like hard candies. Lightly floral. Palate is light-medium bodied, honey, with spice. Fruity-bubblegum-y notes in the periphery. Finish is lingering. I like this, it's crisp but dimensional and has some moderate chewy-ness. Or is it chewiness? Both sound like they have to do with a wookie.
Typical things I find J-whiskies.
Incense, but with exotic wood. And a very dominant maltiness.
I also got some prunes/figs in there somewhere.
Bourbony nose, bourbony taste. Most notable here is the buttery, caramel-corn nose. Long finish is. Very enjoyable.
I wanted to chew this whiskey. Almost Bourbon-like. Woody goodness. Long finish. Tastes like a cigar bar. Very delicious.
My favorite of the La Maison whiskys.
Bourbony, but not overwhelmingly sweet.
Really great balance.
Strong, complex finish.
Zesty.
Made my mouth tingle.
Great nose, full of malt and barley. Unfortunately, the body falls flat. Tasted amongst many cask strength bottles, could go up a notch tasted alone.
Oaky nose.
Tasted hints of coffee and caramel.
Malty finish.
Very drinkable, simple, classic, easy drinking.
EASY drinking.
Water opens up tasty fruitiness.
Nose of sharp pears, apples, and marzipan. Palate is medium-rich, with unexpected earthyness and smoke wisps. The characteristics from the nose underly that. Finishes with more of the same in a nice enough length.
I gotta agree with the other gents, this is a tasty bourbon.
Wood, cherry, and licorice combine with some unique organic minty notes of clove, pepper, and a little weed.
Nice strong nose.
Sweet.
Anise finish.
I like it.
Soft sweet vanilla toffee and sour plums. Nice woody notes on the palate with some rye spice and wheat. Finishes with lingering vanilla.
This is smooth drinker.
Coconut and dried fruit.
But theres something dirty and dusty about this that took away from the grain.
Not as much oak as you would expect from 50 years in the barrel and the finish drops off early as well.
Nose of rubbing alcohol, a little vanilla and spice on the palate, but fades very quickly.
Paint thinner with yeast/oaty notes.
Rather one-dimensional - a sort of interesting spice blend - but I like that dimension. Water tames the fire and keeps the flavor, while adding some sweetness. Tasty spice fest!
Develops from soft to bold.
Lasting finish.
Nice deviation - mint and licorice.
Nose is subtle.
Really soapy taste, and medicinal.
Finish comes in waves and changes.
Better with water.
Odd and unexpected nose.
Palate is velvety, with spice and ginger.
Pure alcohol, maybe a 50/50 mix of Isopropyl and sterno, stored in musty wood.
Sweet and woody and spicy and rich and good. Finishes slightly rough and hot, and as the glass is finished this becomes a problem. Yet this whisky continues to surprise as you drink it. Add a few drops of water.
This was a great find. Creamy with lemon zest. Alcohol is strong, but mixes with the other flavors well. Even after a night of tasting this held up.
A lot going on here.
Sweet nose, quite sweet taste with complex fruity/neato notes.
Finish is delightful, full, and lengthy, with coconut hints.
Extremely complex.
Oily and thin, hints of coconut, peanut butter, wood and spaghetti.
Yep, spaghetti.
Oily and mouth filling, explosion of fruit, sherry, wood, and coconut.
Finish is smooth, long, and uplifting.
Smooth, sweet, Bourbony.
Like dessert.
Buttery finish.
Nose is rather bourbony, with leather and solvent. Palate is woody and tannic, nutty - almonds - and with coconuts, too. Kinda bourbony still, but slight. Very light sweetness, and wasabi notes. Finish is quick, except lingering warmth. Despite the notes above, there's not a lot here to love and it's rather uninteresting. Water releases some feminine perfume scents and makes this a bit more enjoyable, but you're not missing anything here. Upon discovering that this seems to be from the same batch as the other 40+ year North of Scotland I've tasted, I'm bummed!
Sweet, plain, and seems engineered to be inoffensive and indistinct. Whatever whisky.
I don't like this one. It is better with water, though. Tastes like the floormat underneath a busy bartender.
Like bubble gum nose, Smooth, not complex. Very easy. Weird, mossy, unique finish. Slightly rank, like a brewery.
It tastes like Milwaukee smells. Strange but interesting, Kind of unpleasant but I don't mind.
Nose is clean. Bar floormats. Taste is mossy, garbagy. Finish is ferment like, moldy, damp basement.
Nose: Almost none. Slight peat, boozey. Moldy?
Smells like church wine. Floorboards, hot finish.
Taste: Mossy. Finish: Rank, woody.
Is NICE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sweet, fruity, and easy.
More of the same in the moderate-lenth finish, with some spice notes and sherry.
Sweet, nutty and a bit sour.
Palate was dominated by the sour notes.
The sourness for me wasn't natural or citric.
I thought it was chemic.
The nose has an herbaceous quality along with the strong dose of peat; there's some juniper in there. The notes follow into the palate with some sweet notes early on, but then it becomes all peat and herbs, like a peaty pesto. The finish, as expected, is just a big dose of peat. I really wish they had bottled a cask strength, because I think it would have been fantastic. As it stands, it's good, but nowhere near what I would expect for the price.
Nose: stong field of salted manure.
Palate: earthy... Really earthy, peppery soil, bathwater.
Long, unsweetened butterscotch, fumes.
The nose isn't overpoweringly peaty or smokey, and somewhat reminiscent of a typical Port Ellen.
There's also a smell exactly like superballs... Or new Duck Boots.
In the Palate, the slight fruit that was in the nose shows up here in a minor explosion, like tropical Bubbilicious gum.
The smoke isn't more powerful than anything I've tried before, but it has a unique character to it... What I like most is the tart fruit flavor, especially on entry. Finish is long... VERY... And here the smoke takes over and just stays forever.
That seems to be the thing with these ultra-peated single malts - the palate itself doesn't get insanely smokier than anything you might have tried before, but the finish sure does stick around for a long time.
Dark red amber color and very cloudy. Vanilla on the nose with a bitter but not terrible palate.
Nose of smoke, silver polish, and B.O. The palate has some interesting stuff besides the obvious smoke, and I'm not sure how to describe it. Some of it's kinda minty, some is vaguely chemically. Finish is long and gets hot, with some soap. This is an interesting smokey number that's somewhat distinctive.
I normally like Old charters.
The 10 and 13 reserve are nice bottles.
But this bottle was just too much vanilla and didn't have much viscosity.
Not much going on in this.
Very thin with some woodiness and faint vanilla oils.
The nose is really nice with vanilla and marzipan. The palate is less complex with a general sweetness but not a lot of flavor. There's a quick flash of those dessert flavors from the nose, but then they're gone. Late in the palate it has some wood and gets a bit chewy which is nice but as soon as you start to enjoy that, it's gone and your left with a vaguely oaky finish. This one is not bad but certainly nothing I'd be tempted to reach for if I had other choices.
Nose has a "tang" to it, with some peanuts, dust, and vanilla. The palate is sweetish and relatively smooth, and somewhat thin with not a lot going on except apple-y stuff and light caramel. Finish is almost lengthy, but the tails grow pretty boozy and that hurts my return interest. Ehh.
Noses a bit spicy with dry oak and something faintly industrial. Nice body on the palate which surprised me. I thought it would be a bit more dry. Sweet and woody with a plasticy finish.
Nose of buttered popcorn, trace of skunk, with light vanilla and caramel as expected. Palate is a nice vanilla-caramel thing without a whole lot of dimension, but those few notes that are present are here in a pleasant and rather sweet way. Finish is a medium-length fade. Nice to drink.
This has a nice rich nose with some floral notes.
The palate starts rich with candy notes then turns to chewy, woody notes which last into the finish, accompanied by caramel.
It's definitely one of the nicer whiskeys in the Bourbon Heritage Collection.
Mashy and young.
Medium amber color. The nose is horrific and the palate is disgusting. The aftertaste is just awful. I don't really have any descriptive words because I just do not like this product.
Smells like tobacco, corn, a wisp of rye and white chocolate.
Oily yet watery, goes down real easy with a moderate sweetness and lingering woodiness.
Eh.
Relatively crappy.
Pencil shavings and a good dose of spices. Much better on the palate. Fairly dense and oily. Grassy or green veggie notes dominate with nice oakiness coming through. Spice and heat provided from menthol and eucalyptus. Medium length that's sweet and fruity. Nice for a $20 bottle.
Light and malty. Sort of reminded me of a decent Glenrothes.
The nose is light but nice with plenty of oak. The palate is woody and surprisingly drinkable for the abv. It's got lots of wood and then a good kick of briny rye which lasts into the finish. A strong, drinkable bourbon with plenty of wood and rye for under $20... What's not to like?
Bold, spicy, and nutty, and then overpowered by wood.
Medium-bodied palate with cereals and very mild spice, rather dry, and quite oaky/woody. Anise in the medium-length finish. This is a definitely enjoyable whisky, flavorful yet not very complex, but solid.
Decent and unremarkable in a good way. Excellent party whiskey.
This stuff is just unbelievably good.
Nose of apricot brandy and cinnamon sticks.
Not even sure if I'd peg it as bourbon if this was served blind.
And just dripping with flavor, thick and chewy corn, cinnamon, roasted nuts, and toffee.
It's astounding that a 7 year bourbon can be this huge.
Why don't they make them like this any more!!
Finishes with sweet corn and the finest tobacco, then the cinnamon comes back for a 30 second encore.
Stellar.
Nose is like a jar of Planter's peanuts. Caramel corn in the nose and palate. There's rough edges a-plenty, but this is darn tasty for the price.
The overly spirituous nose leaves something to be desired, but I truly enjoy the lingering taste of this brash youngster, just the right amount of wheat and sugar.
Nose of raisin-wheat-bread, pumpernickel - a "dark" smell. Some syrup. Palate is full of deep, bourbony goodness. Finish is long, with rolling waves of yum. There's a tinge of soap occasionally, but I'm gonna ignore it because I like the rest so much. Very drinkable bourbon, but not because of any "lightness." It's "smooth" yet rich.
Nose is light, with caramel, and sour apple hints. Palate is rather plain, medium-sweet, and alcoholy. Finish is long and alcoholic. This is not great bourbon.
Nose of burnt caramel corn and cinnamon. Palate is sweet with burnt caramel, corn-y flavors, and mapley notes. Quite drinkable and relatively smooth. The finish lingers for some time, with a punch of spice about 4-5 seconds in. Some alcohol-y aspects, however, keep the rating down. If the people who typically drink their bourbon on the rocks tried this that way, I think they'd be delighted. There's a good amount of flavor for 43%.
Nose is skunky and sweet, but the palate is kind of eh. A drinkable, tasty-enough eh, but still rather eh.
The nose is very dry and woody.
The dryness is even more evident on the palate. There is a ton of wood, along with some tobacco notes and a slightly chewy mouthfeel.
The finish adds some mint to the mix.
This has a very nice nose with big oak notes, honey, bay and tobacco, a very promising beginning. The palate falls apart almost immediately. There's a brief sweetness which fades quickly and the it's somehow sour and bitter at the same time. The finish is medicinal and bitter, really, really bitter.
Nose is sharp and acrid, very pungent - solvent, glue, caramel, cedar, and skunk. One it's opened up a bit, maple syrup becomes very strong. Palate is dry with notable oak and restrained sweetness wrapped around a chewy, bourbony center. Lots of tea here too. Finish is long and continues the theme with heat. This has strong similarities to the "Tree of Life" decanter we've reviewed elsewhere on the site. The complexity and tannins here won't be for everyone, but I like this quite a bit.
Wood polish and vanilla make up the nose.
Thin on the palate but kinds of waxy.
I found this to be very evaporative with a bit of rye spice emerges in the finish.
Sweet, moderate-bodied palate, moderate spice. Pure ryebread lingers in the finish. You can slightly/mildly enjoy this, but I grow weary of it after half a glass... It just gets blecchy-er.
Beautiful OGD color with rich caramel and slightly spicy nose. I got some spicy rye, pepper and a little sugar in my mouth. Went down easy.
This has a very creamy inviting nose.
Its slightly sweet with rye and some wood polish.
The vanilla comes through on the palate followed by some woodiness.
The bitter wax on the finish could last a bit longer.
But I find this so very drinkable because its smooth and balanced.
Thoroughly enjoyable and great on a hot summer day.
Sweet, with a noticeable rye influence. But it's a bit hot and a bit rough in the finish. Nothing fancy.
Regal, rich, deep, oaked, bourbony bourbon. Whatever they were doing at this distillery, I don't think anyone is doing it anymore. Great stuf with good depth. The drawback here is that the finish becomes too spiritous after time, it would be amazing stuff without that.
Quite woody on the nose.
Initially oily with a corn profile, finishes with a wheaty spice, a bit like Old Fitzgerald.
A bit of soapiness detracts but I suspect that is due to the age of the bottle and not indicative of the original whisky.
I've left that out of my rating.
Good but not great.
A dry, clean, and spicy rye.
Nothing fancy but very enjoyable.
Finish is long and refreshing, like a rye breath mint.
Best rye in this price range, hands down.
For a rye, there is surprisingly little rye in the nose of Overholt. I get very subtle notes of hay and grass as well as some banana. The flavor surprises me with its initial sweetness. There are a few rye notes if you hold it in your mouth, but you don't get any real rye spice until the finish. It's an odd rye.
The nose is a little like a pleasant mix of bird seed, or grist. The palate has a slight sweetness, but mostly cereal grain. The finish is light and crisp. Simple, but refreshing. Not a hot, flavorful rye. But good for $15.
Basically average and unremarkable - kind of a nondescript fruity quality, slightly spicy, with a tinge of something smokey. But there's enough over-spiritous alcohol-y characteristics to dampen my enthusiasm. It's fine-to-middling, and I have absolutely no idea what the hell Jim Murray is talking about.
The nose is kinda like Chivas, but a little more fruit.
Palate is full and fruity, perfectly alright for a inexpensive blend, but perfectly mystifying compared to Jim Murray's 97 rating.
Finish is medium length and sugary.
Grainy, lots of flavor, very loud.
Spicy.
Cinnammon.
Long, long cinnammon finish.
I taste licorice.
Cinammon, spice nose.
Paprika-y.
Cut down with water, it resembles cheap tequila in the mouth.
Nose is spice, cinnamon.
Taste is numbing, medicinal.
Finish is strong, lingering.
Best neat.
Water gives a Tequila esque taste.
Smells like a spice cabinet with lots of cinnamon and a bit of steak seasoning.
Tastes spicy and very bold.
Long and enjoyable finish with waves of strong rye.
A bit hot but don't add water.
Subtle Tequila nose. Crisp, earthy, hint of charcoal. Finishes hot. Perhaps I don't have a taste for rye yet?
This is rye! Strong nose, a finish that lasts and lasts - easily over a minute. Various tastes of licorice, cloves, cinnamon, and a touch of fine tequila. Light in color. Very enjoyable.
Sweet nose, and major rye content is obvious both in the nose and when it hits the palate. It's sweet, tasty, and full-flavored - but a lot of rough edges keep the rating from being higher. Notably there's just too much harshness in the finish, and the very tail end of it turns me off to the next sip. That's a shame, because the rest of the experience is super-tasty. Kind of like eating a fantastic meal at a great restaurant, but then you have to take a sip of Drano on your way out. Kind of makes you not wanna go back.
Caramel very noticeable in the nose, with hay, oats, and some marshmallow. The palate is light and smooth, and medium-sweet with hazelnut notes. This continues into the mild but long finish, where the flavor builds and then spice kicks in, with nutty notes. This is a great "background" whisky, meaning the kind that I'd like to drink when I'm not really focused on the whisky. I'd enjoy killing a bottle of this with friends at a boisterous party.
What a boring waste of time and liver.
Toffee with faint pepper and nuts.
Very faint.
Completely uninspiring.
Old Pulteney should draft a will and die.
Nose is fruit orchard.
The taste is dull and generic although not at all offputting.
Tastes too much like Pulteney. Meh.
Woah, this one has some surprises in it! Zingy spice shoots to the forefront, and stays in the finish - a sort of red-peppery spice, with a little cayenne - and that's all mixed in with orangey fruit stuff and brine. I've had this both on its own, and paired with shellfish and I'm a believer. My notes from this tasting say "buy all the Pulteney you can," and while that was an in-the-moment comment, well, it definitely means something.
Dried fruits and some mustiness. Chewy texture with a lot of citrus fruit on the palate. Finish is a tad on the dry side.
Nose is like a fresh-baked raisin-and-pumpernickel loaf. And guess what? The palate tastes just like it too! Neato. An amazing blend of awesome spice, deep dried fruit, cinnamon, and yes, raisins and pumpernickel. A complex whiskey to ponder while watching obscure French New Wave cinema or whatever artsy-fartsy stuff it is that you folks do.
Nose of vanilla and oak. Baseball glove. Oily brown sugar, spice and leather on the palate.
Very interesting, malty, almost rye nose. Initially light sherry in the mouth, and then the sherry simply explodes, huge, almost overpowering sherry and malt. Really remarkable. A mid-length finish. The malt character distinguished it from typical sherry monsters, and I really enjoyed this.
Medium yellow-gold color. Very crisp and clean on the nose that features brinyness and citrus. Can also smell the barley. I feel like the nose translates into the palate fairly nicely, but a little too much feel on this one.
A dangerously drinkable bourbon cask beauty.
Big fruit drizzled with sugar coated almonds roasted in butter.
Thin, buttery, dull.
Nose of bubblegum and artificial banana with clove hints. Palate is mildly sweet and pleasant, with tobacco and spice notes. The finish is a quick vanish, with spice lingering a bit longer.
Sour grapes and kiwis.
Nose is rich with lots of vanilla and spice.
The high abv masks some of the flavor on the first few sips, but then a full wheaty profile emerges with more vanilla and ample sweetness.
The finish becomes dry, woody, and a bit bitter and detracts from the overall experience.
The are other wheated bourbons around this age and price range I'd go to first.
The nose on this is beautiful. It's sweet, it's caramel with bits of oak, like walking in an enchanted candy forest. The aroma is lush and complex. Flavor - they nailed this one.
Sweet yields to savory with that chewy, aged Zinfandel mouthfeel. Waves of flavor wash over you, gone before you can name them. Trying to pin it all down I get big wood, wine and some citrus; at the end of the palate you get the sweet corn. Water brings out sweeter notes, but as with most whiskeys, I prefer Old Rip neat.
On sniffing it, you get that lovely, classic Stitzel-Weller nose with all of its candy shop notes. The palate, though, starts on a bitter note, excessively woody with pine and oak beating up the candy plus a sharp acid on the way down. The finish on this one is back to classic notes with lots of vanilla.
The 1977 Old Rip decanter has less on the nose than the '75. There are some medicinal notes but none of those classic Stitzel-Wellernotes. The palate on this one is an improvement with a decent balance of sweet and oak as well as some of those candy notes that are retained in the finish.
Nose is sharp, with malt and weak solvent. Palate is rather watery, lightly sweet, light-bodied. Finish is medium-short and somewhat alcohol-y. Whatever whisky. Nothing here to talk about. Drinking this makes me wish that I were drinking tastier scotch that actually has some flavor.
It's drinkable, just not that great. The core flavor that's here is okay - basically a moderately-sweet bourbon, with slight caramel, vanilla, and oak. Very light spice. The problem is the alcohol/spiritous components are all over the place, and that leaves this best suited for mixing.
Very light nose with not much to it except the spirity portion.
There is faint honey and toffee sweetness but you really have to search for it. Pretty bland on the palate as well.
Again some sweetness but this tastes more like watered down bourbon.
You get some of the oak coming through on the finish but this is very weak and uninspiring overall.
This is okay. Nose of candy corn, some floral notes, and solvent. Palate has significant spice, but otherwise not a whole lot going on. Mildly sweet. Finish is medium-long. I'm not thrilled with the amount of fire here - yes it's 100 proof, but it seems awfully scorchy for that level. Admittedly, I'm not tasting this blind, and I was expecting something more from this... But even taking that disappointment into account, I think that I'd find this to be "eh" on any day.
Nose of actual corn, oatmeal, and hay, all quite "there" and noticeable. Palate is tasty - from the type of dynamic spice flavors here, it seems to have a significant rye content. Sweet, too. Finish is medium-length, with those slight lingering hints lasting longer. There are rough edges here, but it's quite tasty bourbon.
Nose is woody and flowery with a raw alcohol note.
Palate is very weak and what little flavor there is fades into a blecky woodiness.
Despite being cooped up in a snow storm with nothing else to drink, I couldn't get through a second glass of this.
And I really wanted to. Clearly there must be some barrels that just don't make the cut to go into one of the major brands. They keep them in the warehouse hoping they'll get better with age.
And when they don't, they end up here, Origine unknown.
My favorite of the Pappys. Great price point.
Cough syrup and rubbing alcohol.
Blechhhh.
And yes, I like bourbon... Just not this.
If more bourbon were like this, I'd drink more bourbon. None of the harsh and sometimes off-putting notes. Lots of sweet maple, just the right amount of heat and wood. Very refined and balanced.
My god this nose is wonderful!
Deep and sweet, damn good but fails to elevate itself further.
Super long finish.
The nose on this is very Van Winkle with a bit of heat to it, slightly spicy almost as if it had rye, which it does not. The first taste you get is sweet, followed by a bit of heat. The overall taste is a bit flat. This isn't as well rounded or as complex as the 20 year old Pappy, though it has a few of the savory notes.
Oooh. Maple nose, with caramel, toffee, apples, and honey. These continue in the palate, along with cherries, hints of pumpkin seeds, and a definite oak presence... Yet it's not as oaky as I've found to be the case in some younger older bourbons. This has none of the over-tannic mouthfeel one might expect. It is approaching dry, and I prefer a little more sweetness in my bourbons - but many will love exactly what's here. The finish lasts forever, with a little spice creeping in. An elegant bourbon to enjoy under any circumstance that allows bourbon contemplation.
This is a chewy resinous beast, lots of tobacco and orange tea extract on top of what seems to be a high rye content bourbon.
Or maybe thats many years worth of oak spice registering as rye spice.
Either way, its very enjoyable.
Wood varnish and sealer on the nose.
Black fruits with spiced wood.
There's hints of grass and vegetal notes.
I wish the finish would hold on a bit longer.
I felt it dropped off too early.
Fantastic nose, like french toast in a glass with maple syrup.
Pretty hot at 64%, but I like that, brings out the big rich spicy wheat profile with lots of sweetness lingering in the finish. This is a stellar wheated bourbon, very excited for such a bottle to come out. And I'm hopeful Heaven Hill made a lot more of this!
Lots of softer phenolic notes that are very nice.
Dry hay and herbal qualities that work with the flint and sweet peat.
Nice nose, now onto taste.
Very Waxy mouthfeel that starts off spicy with a loads of peat, citrus and changes to sweet oats. There's a long minty green apple peel finish.
Nose is a tangy kind of smoke, with ketchup, hints of new make. Palate is clean and honeyed smoke, quite sweet. Something "unfinished"-tasting in here keeps my enjoyment down. Not a lot of dimension but it is tasty, though it doesn't stand out among a bunch of other PE's of similar age and release date.
Hot. Eh. Pepper.
Hot. Lots of the kind of flavor that I'm not interested in.
Peat. Hot.
Smells like fuel.
Oily taste.
Short hot finish.
This is pretty terrible. Turpentine nose, trashy taste.
Sooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaapppppppppp.
I've heard lavender soap from a good source that thinks this is a Bowmore.
I don't get the lavender, but it's definitely some sort of pricey hand soap my wife bought at some point.
Little can be said about this without the word soap, so I'll just stop there.
Oddly, some people like soapy scotch.
Not me.
Very raw peat smoke with an interesting white wine fruitiness. But there's a solventy aspect that's not so great.
Closer to the American malts then the Scottish.
There is a nice sweetness that hints at a tray of Christmas cookies.
Definitely something I'd like to find under my tree this December.
Nose of fruit and oatmeal, which continues strongly in the sweet palate - kind of an oaty-sweet thing going on. This is light and delicious whisky and has some uniqueness all to itself. The finish could use improvement and has rough edges, but I still really like the whole package.
Interesting that the medicinal notes of peat are there but very light.
Almost none of the smokey notes usual in peated whiskies. The peat comes from an ex-Islay cask so I guess this makes sense.
Similar to the regular expression but with that medical iodine peat tones in the background.
I like it but this needs more time to mature.
This version of Penderyn is aged in Oloroso sherry casks and has definite sherry flavors even at such a young age.
Really nice raisins and cherries with some chocolate cremes.
This is going to be great at around 18-20 years.
Cherry nose, bubble gum, strawberry. Very fruity and smooth. High times. Cherry pie in a glass.
Mild, fruity. Maraschino cherries. Amaretto finish. Very simple, buttery, and good.
Cherry sweet, fruity, Amaretto-ish. Almost a liqueur. Very short finish, mild, but strangely enjoyable.
Fruit Loops for adults - "Follow your nose!" Buttery texture.
Nose: Super glue.
Palate: Mixed nuts lathered in butter, deep fruity notes. Very well integrated.
Finish: Sweet, long, and good!
Overall: A must try and a great bargain.
Light nose of shellac, caramel. The palate is pleasantly sweet, with more light caramel, and some background earthy/peaty tones. The finish is almost long, and spice creeps up in it. There's a strong alcohol-y component that lessens the experience, especially because that's what the finish leaves you with. This is basically "eh," but not terribly bad eh.
Good rye spice on the nose. This has a very straightforward rye flavor. It has good spice, a bit of caramel sweetness, good body, and the spice carries you all the way to a very nice, spicy finish. All in all, a text book rye whiskey. Great stuff for the price and easily better than some ryes I've had that are much more expensive.
Double mint gum obvious to me on the nose.
Mint and tea leaves with some milk chocolate and a long finish.
Just terrific.
Meaty, malty, generically ok.
Nose of floral stuff, honey, vanilla, caramel, and white wine. Palate: DELISH. And complex. There's a great interplay of spice, fruit, coffee, and chocolate, almost like they all dance together. Finish lasts forever. Winner!
Sweet nose, with sugary qualities. The first time I had this I thought it was just OK. But the second try won me over. You have to take your time with it to get it all. It's very complex. I didn't get the coffee notes at first, but it's there - sweet berry Kenyan coffee. Maybe a little coconut. Long finish. A good one to end the night and sip on for some time.
Simple unoffensive taste with a bean leaf finish.
Like drinking a salad without dressing.
Smooth and inoffensive, with a green, grassy kind of palate. Dry Quaker Oats and rye emerge in the finish. Drinkable and a neat thing to try.
The nose is quite peaty with a sweet, ocean breeze. The palate is a bit flatter than I'd expected, with a soapy note along with the peat. The finish returns to the nice peaty, coastal notes of the nose. The nose and finish are spot on, but the palate lets you down on this one, and hey, that's the important part.
A big mess of charred/burnt meats mixed in with blackberries and raspberries in the nose. Dry mouth feel dominated by peat, cinnamon and metallic/mineral notes. Finish starts off rubbery and disappears pretty quickly.
Rich deep amber color. Salty and sulfur with a lot of sherry and wood. I actually loved the nose. Where this whisky got downgraded by me was on the palate. Just way too much wood. I mean, wow, am I drinking a tree?
The nose on the PC 10 is less peaty than you would expect. It has more of a motor oil nose with some very light fruit notes in the background. The palate has malt and some fruit, maybe even a touch of sherry. Only later in the palate do you get with that sharp, less aromatic peat that is the mainstay of the PC series and harkens back to the oily, peat of old Ardbegs. It drinks surprisingly easily for the proof. The finish is mostly peat on the nose and some sweet cereal grains and maybe a trace of sherry on the palate.
All of the vigour of a young scotch, but slightly more complex. The sulfur - remarkably, a GOOD sulfur - reminds me of going caving.
Even exhaling this scotch is enjoyable.
The medicine and smoke hits that sweet spot where it isn't too much to be overwhelming.
Like a roller coaster that doesn't quite cause cardiac arrest. Port Charlotte gives me hope for the future.
Nose of vanilla cake, caramel, and smoke with hints of a dusty old coat closet. The palate is more of the nose, sweet, medium-bodied, and very enjoyable. Long finish. The youth doesn't show in this, nor the big alcohol percentage nearly as much as you'd think it would - but the combination of everything does make this creep up on you and make it challenging to drink at length. This is very much Mackmyra meets Ardbeg. What will this be at 10 years?!
Outstanding! A nose of almost overwhelming peat, but the taste shows a bit of sweetness, and I found this to be more complex than one might expect for such a young whiskey. Simply delicious, would be fantastic if it were priced below $100. If you're a fan of highly-peated whiskey, this is a must-try.
Smokey nose that is a bit musty and smells of potatoes.
You get the same on the palate with some brine and cinnamon.
It seems the Port Charlotte has mellowed a bit over the past year. There's still extreme peat here, but it's not as overwhelming at the PC5, and for what this whiskey is, I want to be overwhelmed. More sweetness this year, and reasonably well-balanced. I hope they continue to release this each year, it's going to be fun to experience it as it ages!
Knock your socks off intensity. Wow. Almost numbing. But there is still plenty of flavor to be found. Will have to explore this whiskey further but wouldn't bother drinking anything else the rest of the night after sipping this one.
The nose is musty, earthy, and smokey. Palate is delicious! Very sweet and super-smokey. Long finish. This is gentler than PC5, but comparable in many aspects. Whatever Port Charlotte becomes as a standard bottling is going to be exciting for certain. Delish.
Really nice nose with and some wine notes. The palate has peat, honey, and a touch of acid. The finish is a bit acidic with a lot of peat on the nose. Not bad, but a bit overly acidic toward the end.
Now here's a peated whisky I can enjoy.
It's got the right sweetness and very big peat, but without the campfire smoke I find a turn-off in a lot of recent peated releases.
Real good.
The first Port Charlotte I would choose to drink. I think this is a sweet spot so far. Great balance of all the peat with some good malty sweetness underneath. Reminds me of maybe an Ardbeg-Bowmore blend.
Yummy and very in line with the Port Charlotte releases so far. SO peaty and smokey, preserves the smell of true peat smoke almost perfectly. Better than PC6 and PC7, but not PC5. Yum!
Yummy sherried stuff. Soy sauce aspects, kinda steak-y. Not much dimension other than that, but if that's your thing you'll enjoy this. Quick fade in the finish. Takes water well.
The nose on this one has peat with wild flower/honey notes. The palate kick off sweet with those same floral and honey notes then a big hit of earthy peat and sea water. The finish is slightly bitter, peppery and peaty.
Resinous/waxy with dried fruits along with iodine and BBQ notes.
Light color. Earthy and peaty on the nose. On the palate not unlike a campfire, with smoke and wood. Goes down nicely with a long draw.
Oh that familiar PE nose. F***in' A yummy. Smoked meats and apricots. Very light and evaporative. Great!
Sweet, smoky, and smooth. The finish goes on very long, and rolls with gentle, alternating sweetness and smoke. This also takes water very well, which opens up the sweet aspects more, with spice. Altogether, I love it.
Delicious restrained peat in great balance with salty, oceanic/maritime notes and tasty goodness.
Nose is farm yardy with spice.
Sherry fruit present on the palate with citrus.
Was a bit thin on the palate and the finish didn't really hold.
Nose: saltwater taffy.
Palate: dull, salty, solventy.
Just not really good.
Dainty Peat with a weak finish.
Mild nose of dusty closet behind sharp fruit notes. On the palate, it's sweet yummyness with tangy fruit. After a brief moment smoke enters in a supporting and discreet role. Builds into a finish that's great and never overwhelming. Not a powerhouse, this is a restrained yet notable "Yum!"
Medium-bodied, kind of sweet-smoky-earthy, with citrus/lemon notes. Finish is medium-long and light, where the palate continues for a moment and then turns mainly into pure, light smoke.
Fruity bubblegum nose. Nice dry floral palate, seems a bit weak though, might have been great cask strength.
Perfumed bath soap.
Gets too perfumy.
Nose is light, with indistinct light smoke, and wisps of apples, pears, and peaches. The palate is light and fruity, lighty sweet and the smoke isn't too intense. Spices are restrained and pleasant - curry, cumin, chili - entering in the midpalate. Finish is medium-long. An easy-drinker, there's nothing to celebrate here, but I very much enjoy drinking it.
This is what it's all about. A well-composed whisky with waves of flavor and aroma constantly rolling through the whole thing.
Anticipated smokey nose. Palate is salty and sweet, and the smoke that's here is quite restrained. In the medium-long finish, some "fresh" mouthfeel emerges. Drinks smoothly, good but not great.
Nice smokey nose, lots of briny peat and spice, eminently drinkable.
Briney, floral, a little medicine; I thought I had tried sherried PE before, but nothing like this.
The slightly tart burnt molasses type sherry is dominant at first, then sweet peat emerges.
Smoke and burnt notes linger in the finish.
I didn't get any of the floral notes I usually find in PE.
Thick like syrup, takes a glass of water to rinse from your mouth.
It is in some ways young and brutish, clubbing you over the head with flavor, surprising for a 25 year old.
But then again, I would very much like to have several more bottles of this.
Nose of a locker room - but good. Fruity. Palate is medicinal with cough syrup, menthol. Long and good finish.
Sherry and cranberries in the nose. The palate... Well, let's just say that at my first tasting, all I could write was "ATTACK!!" A couple days later I revisited this whisky - first note: "wonderful." It's just an excellent melding of peat and sherry - and not much more than that, but that melding is all that's needed. The smoke and sweetness are extremely well-balanced, and stay that way, with a little pepper entering in the long finish. The more I drank of this, the more I couldn't get over just how amazingly balanced it is... Just great smoke and great sweetness in perfect levels. YUM.
Thick, heavy sherryified syrup. If you've ever wondered what a "Flaming Moe" might taste like... Wonder no further.
This one had a lot more floral components than some of the other sherried Islays.
The dark sherry was well integrated and the dusty/dirty elements were balanced by the sweet fruits.
The smoke and phenols are clearly there but not in any way dominant.
Well done...
Very faint amber color. Overall, a very wood dram, but something I really enjoyed. Spicy and vanilla forward nose. Get a lot of smoke, wood and a cabinet full of spices on the tongue.
Sherry sweetness with ripe plums, raisins, and light smokey peat.
The nose is soft and sweet peat and the palate is a bit grassy with some softer peaty notes and really easy drinking.
Not great but solid Port Ellen.
Whoa! Alcoholy. Sweet. Butter on cinnamon toast. Earthy peat, peppery finish.
Definitely lots of sherry in this! Sweet black grapes and prunes dominate but the ashy peat and medicinal notes are big. The peat comes across with rubbery campfire notes on the palate and has a long candy like sweet finish. This is the equivalent of candied peat. More peat than I'm used to with Port Ellen and not very complex but it's still good.
Delightful nose. I'm home. Palate is smooth and smokey and tasty.
I might get killed for this rating, but I just wasn't totally feeling this one. Nose is obvious sulfur and then a really weird funky vibe of vanilla, wood and sea water? I couldn't quite tell, but it was different. On the tongue it opens up into a different world of oak, spice and smoke. A bitter element in the background kept creeping up. Does not feel 61.1% at all to me. There is no challenging that this is a unique whisky that doesn't fit the typical PE profile. With that said, just not my favorite. Still good though.
Starts with; motor oil, winey notes, wood chips and a big citrus kick. There is some sulphur but it surprisingly works for this. There is a mineral/flint quality here as well much like striking two rocks against one another. Tons of tangy fruit here: young berry, sour cherry, apple skin, grapefruit and pomegranate. I also smell red vines. Yummmmm. There is more peat than I am used to from Port Ellen but its pronounced and clean. A lot of BBQ stuff here; smoke, briquettes, and charred meats. The long finish is mentholated with sweet caramel candy. Water shows more hard fruit candy. Unusual and straying from distillery character but freaking awesome.
Great velvety texture with a stunning duet of the expected Port Ellen peatiness dancing a tango with mulling spice sweetness, which adds a dimension that reinforces the other rather than fight it.
Nice full-bodied finish will make strangers wonder why you are staring off into space with a goofy smile.
The familiar Port Ellen nose of mustiness and sweet salt. On the palate there's smoke, a delicious tang of sweetness, and salt again. The finish is delightful! But it could be longer - it's kind of on the shorter side of medium-length. This whisky is bordering on one-dimensional, but it's well-rounded enough and tasty enough to earn an I-definitely-want.
Sweet, nutty, with bright fruit - and of course, smoke! But the smoke is controlled and lets the other aspects shine equally. A well-balanced Islay. Needs more dimension in the finish for a higher rating, but really very enjoyable.
Muted red hots.
Quite a bit of wood.
Agree. Sweet and light; fantastic selection by K&L.
Noses of cereal, grains and sweet corn. Good amount of maltiness and sweet wine. Slight bitterness of oolong tea and oily peat. Farmyard-y. The peat really hits the palate upon entry but its not too hot. The maritime notes emerge with a bit of citrus. The winey stuff is still very abundant on the palate. Good length finish that is leafy/vegetal.
This has a great nose with sweet white wine, malt and peat. The palate is sweet and malty with peat coming in mid-palate and hanging on for the finish. This is a flavor profile I really like done really well.
One of those where I don't have a lot to say, I just want to drink it. Every aspect of this thing is permeated by Juicy Fruit gum and peaty, well-balanced smoke. A total winner.
I seemed to have missed what was so stellar about this one too.
It was to me a good but not great, somewhat sooty, moderately peated PE.
Peaty but moldy.
Sweetened oats, salt, margarine, rubber, iodine and awesome.
Nose of charcoal briquettes with a dash of starter fluid. Palate is very big yummy smoke and ash, some hickory BBQ, with a tangy quality. Yum! Doesn't leave me with a lot to say, but it's big and peaty and good.
A very tasty Port Ellen, with spicy peat and some floral notes in the finish that make it interesting.
Sweet, smoky, and rather smooth for 55.5%. The syrup-like aspects - in both feel and taste - make this one a craveable winner for me. The finish lingers nice and long, with the smoke staying pretty darn prominent through the whole thing. It's a more complex/refined, non-brushfire type of smoke that I like, too.
Initially very nutty and sweet. There's coastal stuff and cinnamon spice as well. The smoke and peat on the palate is gentle and lingering.
Nose of moderate charcoal smoke, apples, pears, and bubblegum. Smells like a fruitier Port Ellen. The palate is as the nose advertised, and excellent. Sugary. The ABV here works great, providing just the right amount of flavor, never too much and never too little. The finish could use greater length and additional dimensions, but it baits me back so hard that I don't care. Drink this one before any other bigger and/or peated numbers and you'll be treated well. It's kind of an excellent peated party whisky... If you bring $200+ whiskies to parties!
Outstanding.
Inviting nose, floral and sweet smoke and a hint of pencils and the ocean.
Sweet smooth delicious palate with smoke.
Long, warm, enveloping finish with woodyness and salt.
Lots of flavors in here, and like the best whiskies, different ones show themselves on various sips.
A complete whisky.
Oaky and floral nose, perfect peat and malt, evaporative, narcotic, sugary, complex. The bottle is gone too quickly.
Citrus, brine and peppers on the nose.
Continues on the palate with lots of BBQ/toasty notes but the spices are much sharper in the finish.
Not a revelation, but tasty.
A sweet and candied sherry influence on this Port Ellen makes you want to waste no time.
There's a bit of raisins and graphite in this nose. Palate has big peaty notes with nice fruitiness and bitter chocolate in the finish.
Light peat with the sweetness of brown sugar and sugar cane. The ocean stuff here is of the shellfish kind. Herbal and vegetal bitterness alongside sour green fruit.
A medium, light gold dram. The nose is complex with light oak, fruit, sweetness, a little smoke and peat, and vanilla. Smoke really starts to take over on the palate and in the back of my mouth. Very hot. The finish turns into charcoal as it travels down my throat. Doesn't linger very long.
Great nose. Not as peaty as some of the other Port Ellens I've tried, but extremely well-balanced, the combination of peat, fruit and oak is simply wonderful. The finish is similar but doesn't hold up quite as well as this tastes on the palate, but it is nonetheless excellent, and among my favorite whiskies. Love the flavor profile and this is an excellent example.
This is one I enjoyed so much that I didn't spend a lot of time on notes but rather, just savored it.
The nose has booming peat with fruit in the back.
The palate is a perfect balance of smoke and sweetness, and that balance, which can be challenging in a heavily peated malt, is the key to what makes this a great whisky.
Initial perfume in the nose fades to reveal a little earthy sherry then some nutty notes.
Floral sherry and rich peat.
Tasty stuff.
Not typically Port Elleny.
Reminded me of clothes dryer lint in whatever positive way dryer lint can go.
Drinkable.
Smells like rubbing alcohol.
Quite oily and sweet from start to finish.
Overall, crappy.
Hot alcohol taste. Eh.
Little to no nose.
Not much taste at all.
Mild vanilla taste.
Peppery finish.
Smooth, sweet, like the taste.
Gentle - maybe too gentle.
But good.
Some white wine in the nose.
Sweet mild vanilla-bean taste, with malt creeping in.
Very little nose, flavor or finish. Not that bad, just completely unremarkable. Tastes like something from the well.
White wine, vanilla.
Delicate.
And mediocre.
Deep amber with a mild nose. A medicinal quality that grew on me over time, but in some ways lacking in substance. Gives a kick down the stretch, but vanishes quickly.
On the sweeter side of bourbon. Mellow yet syrupy, almost like simple syrup is mixed in. Rye notes. I wish there were more complexity, but I like. Finish is short, but so sweet that the sweetness lingers and starts a serious craving. A great buy, too.
Malty, vanilla nose, somewhat spiritous/alcoholy. The palate is yummy, though there's almost too much of that alcohol/spiritous edge - but the rest is darn tasty. Malty, with those hints of Whoppers candy that I often find in Irish whiskies. In a way, this hits me very similarly as Bushmills 16, but that is more expensive I guess, and older... Anyhow, I like this a lot.
Oddly enough I liked this.
Still rather... Erm... Irish. And has that classic sweet grassy note but the palate has some chocolately/tobacco notes that give this some complexity.
Better than most Irish.
Faint bourbon nose, big flavor, but a strange synthetic fruit aftertaste ruins it for me.
Flat taste. Syrupy bland finish.
Rich, maple/bourbon nose. Very hot taste, as if it were cask strength, and not in a good way. Tastes mediciney/metallic. The finish is slightly unpleasant.
Surprisingly unimpressive.
Almost boring.
Not much bang for your buck.
Weird after-taste.
Tasted blind, I like the richness of flavor but also found some disagreeable notes.
Was surprised to find out what this actually was.
Thin.
Slight hints of... Eh.
The nose is very light with grassy notes. The palate is grassy and malty with a slight sweetness. The finish is malty with some sweet wine and light fruit juice notes.
The nose has lovely, soft, fruity spice notes followed by some herbs and grassy notes. The first thing that strikes me on the palate is that it tastes young; it has that bold, overly herbal/medicinal quality that is typical of young rye. The spice is there, but it's still in a very raw form, though more of it comes out on the finish. This one needs to spend a few more years in the barrel to round it out and take the edge off.
Nose of bakery stuff, vanilla and cake. And the palate... Well, it delivers on exactly that. A little flat and one-dimensional, and somewhat bitter and tannic in the finish, but I like it enough. Some herbal and grassy faint hints. Reminds me of white cupcakes, though not as sweet, and with some lawn or hay or something sprinkled slightly on top.
A fairly respectable rye for the $, good nose, palate is a bit faint, but then finishes strong and long.
Cheap! Very thin, short to no finish. Burns a bit, but not enjoyable at all.
Mildly sweet nose, sweet palate without much spice, finishes a bit hot but otherwise well.
Easy to drink and good.
Sweet, but bold.
Weak nose, stronger palate.
Good.
Taste is thin, but very drinkable.
Finish is mild for a rye.
Thin, watery, no nose, no kick.
Unimpressive to my palate.
Somewhat unpleasant tobacco aftertaste.
Nose: Lots of rye, spice box notes. Palate: Very nice, dry rye notes, sandalwood, some mint. Sandalwood and oak spice on the finish. Very nice aged rye.
Well, there's not as much to say about this one as I would've liked. It's good whiskey, big and round, leathery, lined with tobacco and dry cinnamon notes. While I'd happily drink your bottle, I'm not sure that I'd reach for this one if it were it sitting on my bar. The eternal finish is too dry and tannic for my tastes, and I've got an unusually high threshold for wood in my whiskey. It's like I'm licking a cedar plank that had some moderately-ryed, tasty rye on it.
Melon and pear in the nose, and pinot grigio. This continues in the palate, with grassy aspects, kind of oily. Again this continues into the medium-long finish with flowers, spice, and maybe ginger creeping in. Seems good for a brisk spring day.
Nose is mild, alcohol-y, with crisp apples. Not a whole lot going on in the palate... Sweet sugar... Light white wine... Then on the crossover, a blend of spice pops in, continuing through the almost-medium-length finish.
Grassy, lightly sweet, with mild spice. Nothing to rave about, yet enjoyable.
A pleasant and expected lowland. Grassy, with vanilla, buttermilk biscuits, and light oak.
Lightly fruity and perfectly pleasant although the finish lacks much of interest.
Nose of pears, apples, traces of vinegar and sake. Palate is very fruity, rather sweet, with a strong undercurrent of spice. Something floral is in here too, though it's not great, like you're actually eating some sort of cheap girly perfume. Dries out in the finish and the oak becomes too strong. Initially this was quite tasty and very drinkable, but it gets woody and tiresome, shades of chewing on old woodchips, with something vaguely soapy too. As bad as those flaws sound, it's still drinkable and fine.
A green nose, like the smell of a supermarket with fresh-cut lawn hints. And white wine. Palate - yum. Mild sweetness with more green grasssy organic notes. Finish is medium-length, and the previous continues, then gains spice as it lingers. Tasty summery goodness, refreshing.
Sweet and candied nose.
There lost of caramel notes on the palate with a fair amount of maltiness and a spicy finish.
Nose is rather indistinct, vaporous/alcoholy, honey, with Pinot Grigio. Palate hassome fruity spice, but again, it's just kind of indistinct. Finish is moderate, consisting of a peppery-spicyness that's more a feeling more than a flavor. Water seems to wipe out everything except that same peppery finish in a milder form. Given the ABV, I think this otherwise milder malt will have trouble finding a true friend. Poor guy.
Nutty sweetness with minerals and some plastic on the nose. Gets a bit more sour on the palate with a medium spicy finish.
I like this. Pancake syrup nose. The flavor is very well-rounded - deep, rich, sweet, well-integrated across-the-board bourbony flavors, while not being overly sweet. Finish is very lasting and rich. A very polished, super-agreeable bourbon.
Nose is light and fruity - apples and pears, with banana wisps. Palate is very plain, and somewhat to alcohol-y. Vague grainy/cereal flavors, like Corn Flakes maybe, along with a mild sugar sweetness. There's an odd chemical note in the short finish. Eh.
Vanilla, caramel, lighter scotchy flavors that really hit the spot. There's nothing particularly special here, but this is how I like my nothing special.
Nose of cider, cedar, grapes. Palate is light, mildly sweet, with some malt and shy spice. Finish is very long and dry, and the spice becomes much more prominent. On the whole, this is too tannic and rather plain, but kinda-enjoyable enough.
Buttery, nutty and earthy/herbal.
There is bitter citrus with the sweetness you get from hard candy dissolving in your mouth.
Nose of dusty closet, cherries, pancake syrup. Palate - yum. A lighter-style rye and quite sweet, with milk caramel and bubblegum hints. Finish is long and continues the theme. Some rougher spiritous edges keep this down a little, but it's a great, light rye without being too light.
The nose is full of rye and brown sugar. On my tongue it is too bitter with citrus and some oak. A nice medium finish. At the minimum, very different than newer releases of the Sazerac 18, but not for me.
Light nose with a similar profile to the 2000 release. Also getting some good oak. A citrusy and bitter palate, but not nearly to the level of the 2000 release. A big nice pop as it rolls back over my tonuge and then smoothes out. This is my favorite of all the Sazerac 18 releases.
A more grainy profile, where I get rye and citrus again, but I even get some mellow wheat. A little tart too. The finish is bitter and not something I enjoy. I like the 2000 more, but barely.
Huh. Well, normally I'm over the moon about this stuff. But this bottling came along in a blind tasting, and I wrote the following impression: "Decent, and I'll drink lots of it without complaint at any party." Well, I'm not sure if it's just that I like the later bottlings more, or if I just don't enjoy this as much without all the hype and expectation. Well, I gotta stick to the truth, so here it is. Time to retaste the '07 and '08 and post the notes on those... Sometime...
Typical Sazerac nose and palate. Perhaps a little more vanilla than usual on the nose. The palate is a little bitter and leaves some after-taste I don't appreciate it. Going off memory, very much like the 2006 offering, but I think the additional oxygen in the stainless helped the '06. If I get a chance would like to do a side-by-side.
This is a more balanced offering than the prior releases I have tasted. The nose has nice sugar notes. On the tongue the rye is mellow and not bitter. Finish could be better.
This is a mild rye. Very smooth. The wood is not as prominent, but a nice orange blossom flavor. Very drinkable. Not what I think of in rye, but it is a rather old rye. Very refined.
Waves of distinctly alternating flavors with a strong rye presence in exactly the right amount. A stellar example.
Yum.
Freakin' Tasty.
This is really done perfect.
The rye content is just high enough and the proof just low enough for full enjoyment of this complex rye.
I will be purchasing every release of this from now on.
Lush sweetness of warm syrup and mulling spiciness. Vinegar notes in the back. Dense on the palate with herbal stuff and rye spice emerging mid palate. Lightly sweet vanilla finish that evolves into bitterness of dark leafy veggies.
The nose is sweet and I get even more sugar than the 2006 release. Very mellow ad the rye is really present in this one. However, the spice and citrus notes of the earlier releases seem to be lingering in the background. To me, this is very similar to the 2006 release, but certain notes are accentuated. Others I tasted with think they are more significant differences.
A good offering that now to me is just the same profile year after year with slightly different nuances appearing. The nose is full of more brown sugar and the citrus is back in force on the tongue. But all in all, similar to 2010.
Big spicy kick with buttered popcorn and warm fresh baked bread. A hint of potpourri lingers.
Taste stale and tired. The rye seems a bit stagnant and mute. Medium finish with sweet vanilla oil.
I did this one side by side with the 2012 and as expected there are a lot of similarities and not a lot of differences. Probably more to do with the fact my bottle had been opened awhile, I thought the nose was clearer on the 2012 with the 2013 being slightly muted. With that said, the similar rye/grassy notes dominated. Very earthy. The palate is balanced between the same grass/rye notes and some spice. Nice long finish.
An easy-going rye that is smooth and straightforward. Not exceptional as I don't get much here, but decent for the price.
I didn't find much on this.
Very light nose with some spice and very dry on the palate with no real finish.
Nose is fresh green apples, with wisps of men's cologne. Palate is light-bodied and watery, fruity, floral, with spice. Finishes as before at medium-length, but with an increased spice kick that keeps me coming back. This is a good, easy, sunny afternoon whisky.
Nose of sweet fruit candy.
Palate is weak, maybe due to the 40% alcohol content, but unoffensive and pleasant.
But it doesn't deliver on the nose.
Good for beginners... Or maybe not.
Organic and oaky, tobacco, not bad but just doesn't appeal to me.
Nose of happy and light fruits, caramels, and something oceanic and slightly fishy. The palate - nice! - great and tasty, and on the lighter side of single malts. Lightly honeyed, with apple, caramel, and vanilla. Whatever that oceanic thing in the nose was, I don't know where it went. Slight tinge of cocoa. This is massively drinkably whisky, no doubt due in part to the 40% ABV, but mostly due to the tasty flavors! Not much of a finish but I don't care. Great party whisky, I think it would be hard not to enjoy this.
Nose of white wine and pears. Palate is sweet, mild, and crisp with fruit. Vanilla notes. The finish is crisp and as before, with an added oaty flour-ness.
Nose of paint thinner and glue, with a green/lawn/cut grass smell. Palate is sugar-sweet and lite, still with green aspects and floral notes. In the medium-long finish, the green continues and gets bigger, with cinnamon/spice popping up. This doesn't do it for me despite initial promise. Eh.
Nose of strawberries and other fruit hard candies, honey, vanilla, notable oak. Palate is quite fruity as advertised - yay, yum - and mildly sweet. Finish is long with light nondescript spices emerging, becoming dryer. A good, bourbon-casked, happily fruity number.
Very organic, fruity, and refreshing.
Smells like fresh cut grass.
Very green.
Interesting, I like.
The nose is very vaguely whiskey smelling. That's about it. The palate is just foul. It's sweet and only tastes very vaguely of whiskey. It's sort of a generic whiskey taste, though it's more spicy than sweet so tasting blind I might have guessed that it was a really bad rye, but it doesn't have any really distinctive qualities. The major flavor is just alcohol. The finish is like the taste in your mouth after a bad hangover. There's just no reason to drink this.
The nose is extremely sweet. It smells like artificial maple syrup. It tastes about like that too. It's syrupy sweet with maybe a slight spice in the background giving way to a vaguely vodka-like alcohol quality. The finish has some ginger. This is sort of a caricature of what I think of as bad Canadian Whisky, sweet without much else going on.
I enjoyed this quite a bit. It doesn't completely work. But you get both sweet and smokey characteristics here, not as sweet as the dark color would indicate, and a lot of fun to drink. I'm a fan.
Lemony sweet tarts dropped into seawater. Peat, lemon, seawater in that order with a little overlap. The briney finish lingers ridiculously long. Almost too long.
There are two aspects here: One is mildly sweet and pleasing, medium-light-bodied, with smokey hints. The second is drying, bitter, and kind of stale. That quickly becomes the predominant aspect, resulting in a whisky that's somewhat like bitter, very dark, unsweetened chocolate with traces of saltwater. Drinkable but not much to love.
This one had a solid deep nose with sweet peat and nice blossoming leather.
The trouble is a weak palate... Very light with no substance. Still... It wasn't at all bad. Just basic.
Tasted blind and to find out the age says that the casks just didn't seem to be too active.
Candy corn nose, with varnish, oak, hint of mint? The palate, ooh, it's nice and rich, with the flavors you'd expect from the nose. Kind of a "burnt" flavor... Prunes and stewed fruits, overcooked banana bread. Buttery. The wood here does come too much after time - it's overoaked - but it's not bad stuff. Were this available today I'd happily drink your bottle.
Really sweet and clean. Still heavier in character, like all of these Pre-Pro distillates, but a relatively gentler and more candy-store character that's really nice. The alcoholy finish keeps the rating from being higher.
French perfume and rye bread. Weird.
Nose is full of apples, vanilla, and grassy, with fresh-made waffles. Palate - yum. Fruity and appley, with a light spice background that's more of a tingle than a flavor. Vanilla, pears, and some malt. Medium-sweet. Finish is medium-length and mild. A lighter whisky, and a familiar flavor for a non-sherried single malt, but a good one and an easy drinker.
N: Vomit.
This smells like vomit.
I can't even get past the nose, it's making me gag.
Horrible.
I'm done.
Smells spiritous, with a disagreeable gaseous component. Palate... Something's just off here. A mouth-filling "scotchiness" of maybe bad sherry and vanilla and a mouthful of wet, bitter wood. This is not my thing.
Nose of horseradish notes, fleeting fruit. Musty, with damp hay and barnyard whiffs. The medium-bodied palate is surprising, and a good mix of flavors - floral/spice/fruity/grassy/no peat/no sherry. What a neat contrast to the nose. Those flavors roll a bit in the finish, at length. Yet despite all this, it's not a great whisky, but not un-decent.
I liked this more than I thought I would - seemed the older Springbanks were much better, usually. The nose has coconut and icing. The palate is creamy and has some light peachy quality to it. Not heavy, easy to drink. Another girl-next-door malt to introduce the novices. But I like her company too.
Peat, phenol but pleasant nose. Oily mouthfeel, peaty but sweet with hints of caramel. Overall a good, lightly-peated whisky.
For me, all that is Springbank 10 year but more concentrated and bull-bodied.
I love the warm cream and chocolatey goodness with the light peaty smoke.
Long finish that warms for days. Ahhhhh.
Nose is tangerine and peat. Palate is creamy, salty, dried fruits, big red gum. Finish is more big red. Little short and salty. But a good value Springbank. I think the higher alcohol is worth $5 more than the normal 10 year - interestingly this is aged in exclusively bourbon barrels. The flavors are more intense than the normal 10 year.
Nose of bright, spicy fruits, interesting, light, and intriguing. Apples and candy spices. Palate is fun-spicy-dancing tasty flavors. Bubblegum. Fruit-toffee-malt. Finishes at medium-length and continues the theme. A tasty, fun whisky with the classic Springbank character that makes everyone like the older Sprinbanks so much. "Dancing Spice."
Nose of anise and fruity bubblegum. Palate is sweet - with white chocolate. A lighter whisky. Some anise and nondescript spice. Finish is quite long. Water brings out greater sweetness. Overall this is enjoyable, and different and distinct enough to be a Springbank.
Maraschino cherries, wood smoke, wax, cedar and wet hay.
Fart and bathwater. Skip it.
Rarely am I so divergent, but I think this is pretty bad.
The nose smells like dirty tap water with lemon and there is a very dusty and metallic aftertaste.
I actually didn't finish the glass, and that's rare for me.
Good. An easy drinker and a great way to start the evening with a big glass.
Spicy nose. Having a difficult time describing the palate. There's a whirlwind of interesting spices, sherry, wood, toffee, and currants. Rather bitter. In the finish, what was good becomes less so here. Damn it! Water opens this way up, and bubblegum emerges massively, particularly in the nose. As good as individual aspects here are, the whole just doesn't add up and I'm not really desiring more. This does improve noticeably when you give it time to open up, and if I had a full bottle to drink over time I might enjoy it more.
Crazy-sweet nose, then some earth comes - not really peat, more like dirt. One of the more unique noses I've experienced. Peat on the palate. Then some sherry. Really bizzare. If this somehow came together it would be fascinating. Instead, it's just strange and not very enjoyable to drink.
Nose is slightly smokey with solvent notes and slight traces of gasoline. The palate is difficult to place... It's medium-bodied, with mainly that spice-and-solvent thing still going on, with almost no sweetness. The finish is medium-length and drying, with the above and pepper. A somewhat interesting whisky in the not-that-tasty category. The near lack of any sweet aspect - without any other loveable qualities - turns me away after a short time with the glass.
Plum candy.
This was a strange sherry cask.
13 years in a sherry cask and it's only straw colored.
Makes you wonder.
Finishes respectably, although there is no real deviation.
Mmmmm. Nose is yummy maraschino cherry, cookie dough, vanilla, butter. The palate continues the sweet flavors. And the finish did too.
Tasted this blind and notes indicate that the winey overtones tend to dominate in both nose and palate.
Clearly Springbank as the caramel is there along with the warm whipped cream that I love.
There is also a grassy bubblegum kinda thing going on and the finish is very long.
Has a hintof thetypical Springbank spiciness fighting to get through the bland caramel, but generally incredibly disappointing.
Springbank, shame on you.
This one is very nice and classic Springbank.
Although all of the normal 10 year flavors are there, it just about matches the 10 year for quality and goodness.
I would spend my money on the 10 year or splurge on the 10 year "100 proof" for a slightly better Malt.
Dr. Pepper and raisins.
The nose has a little of the Springbank coconut and very light sherry. The palate adds a little blueberry sweetness and very light smoke. This was very smooth and easy drinking. Reminds me a bit of Royal Lochnagar, which I would say is also easy drinking and good, but not great. Good introductory malt.
Hmmm... Lighter and less expressive than the 10 year and most of the same flavors without the great caramel/warm whipped cream sensation I usually get from these.
A bit underwhelming I am afraid.
Definitely sherried but not overwhelming. Gummy bear like sweetness with wood chips, dry grass and lightly smoked nose. The fruits come through on the palate but are a bit bitter with spiced oak. It finishes with hints of citrus rind and green vegetal notes.
A faint yellow dram that is complex as anything I have ever tasted. Every sip opens up new doors into bubblegum, vanilla beans, tropical flavors, rich syrup with the slightest amounts of bitter citrus. On the nose I got everything from bubblegum to grape to cherries and oak. The finish is excellent.
This was the only bottle I haven't had the pleasure of imbibing. The nose is initially very delicate with sweet undertones. Some melted popcorn butter, honey and toffee. Lighter lacquer, floral, citrus and spearmint notes emerge as it breathes. A classic bourbon cask springer that is resinous, sweet and minty. Much of that rolls over onto the palate. Light and clean. Salted caramel becomes apparent with crisp wood. There is a mouth coating lingering warm peat smoke finish. This was the first of the bottles we drank and to tell you the truth I was expecting it to be a big "aha" moment. I knew it was highly regarded by the veterans. It was great but I felt a bit underwhelmed. I came back to this after drinking tasting the rest of the bottles. That was when the light bulb lit up. This is awesome stuff! Great distillery character with a lot of depth and balance. The oak influence is just beautiful and it really shines. I ended up sipping this for the evening and it was the 3rd bottle emptied of the night.
Just too much oak here. It's not a bad oak - not rotten or anything - just way too dominating, like licking a plank. Underneath that there's a vague vanilla honey-spice thing going on. Not bad whisky, but there's no vitality or contrasting "elegance" to speak of, and any magical Springbank qualities have been lost to the years.
Very woody and hot.
The woodiness could be expected with a whiskey this old, but it's just too woody.
And the noticeable heat at only 43% results from the fact there is no sweetness or flavor to mask it.
This cask must have been refilled many times to result in such a thin whisky after 39 years.
Obviously more floral than most Springbanks.
I found more new-make type notes of lemon-grass and varnish than usual also.
For a 22 year old, this seemed rather weak on the oak side.
This might have been a multi-refill cask.
It just didn't impart much flavor.
The goodness comes from the floral complexity and this is nicely pleasant to drink.
I don't recall any of the caramel or sweet peat notes though...
Nose is lemony, with Pine Sol and heather honey. The palate is somewhat dry with general spice, notably cinnamon... Some zing! to it. Vanilla and oak tones. Finish is very, very long. If you like some notable bitterness in your whisky, then this is a decent though unremarkable sipper, with a finish that lingers at incredible length.
Spiced wood, cinnamon on the nose.
Gets kinda winey on the palate with raisins, chocolate and a bit of smoke.
Lots of sourness and acidity.
Soy sauce, char and smoke.
Gets stale on the palate with tired oak and hints of peat.
Nose is pine, fruit, chewy lemon butter. The palate is spicy, red pepper, hot, little sweetness. Finish is woody, light butter, carbon.
Generically undistinguished.
Nose of honey, hay, with sherry-like characteristics. Also hints of propane and suntan lotion. Palate is moderately sweet, with figs and other darker fruits, corn, vanilla, and honey. Spices that were quiet before become more notable in the long finish, with coriander and cayenne. As Andy and I drank this, he remarked off-the-cuff, "I don't actively dislike it, there's just nothing there for me." I kind of agree, although there was a bit more "there" for me. Nice layers of spice and plummy stuff.
Hot sauce.
Water opens it up a bit.
Sherry slap then runs away.
Syrup nose. Not a whole lot going on for me here but enjoyable. Spicy, pepper notes. Long-ish finish.
Almost achieves what the Springbank Vintage does, but the flavors are just a bit off-key.
I think Springbank sent an off-barrel to the US and kept the good stuff for themselves.
Bastards!
Rich, spicy, peppery, and bitter. The fire needs taming.
There was a funk in the nose that did not sit well with me. It also smelled too winey.
Slightly toasty and salty on the palate with a bit of smoke in the finish.
Nose is sweet with some citrus, then grilled sweet corn. Palate is big, citrus rinds, smoke. Finish is long and salty. I heard GREAT things about it. Perhaps my expectations were too high. But it is very good.
Really interesting! Quite bourbony, with minty, shiso-leaf aspects and a backbone of concentrated ale. There's spice, fruit, sherry, and a whole lot of goodness that I can't quite describe. In the finish, anise emerges and lasts a long time. This is in that category of unique-must-try. Packs a ton of flavor, and only 46%!
Simple nose, strongly floral but not distinct.
Flavor is a bitter wood and the little candy orange wedges with sugar on top.
A delicious bitter wood.
Hints of mint and lavender.
This got lots of hype and I really did enjoy it.
Cake and shortbread with a minty quality not similar to most Springbanks I have had.
The sweetness and the peaty background are well integrated and very balanced.
This is very easy drinking.
I could chug this bottle if I wasn't careful.
Nose of apple juice and apple cider. The whole apple thing continues in a big way in the mouth, with typical scotchy-spice notes. Vanilla too, slightly sweet. Finish is long. Yum.
The nose is pungent and "red." Floral and very-berry - raspberries, dried cherries, cranberries. Syrupy scents mix in with unusual medicinal wisps. Oh, and this is very grapey and port-y. The palate is odd yet very distinctive, tough do describe, enigmatic. Cherry cough drops, shiso leaf, notes of port, and there's definitely a big, grape-y thing going on. Everything you'd expect from the nose is here. Finish is very long. Truly unique, and like all the exceptional Springbanks I've tried, this one evades description... But how about: YUM. YUM. WOW. An onslaught of originality.
Sweet, vanilla pudding notes in the nose. Palate of some hazelnuts, spice, salt, honey, vanilla again. Nutty finish, malt, slight spice, some sort of wine. Good, but nothing that memorable. Seems like a bottle of scotch for people that actually don't like scotch that much. Finish lasts for quite a very long time... But the taste itself isn't that impressive, especially given the pedigree of Springbank, and the f'ing price.
Woody and light nose, dry nuts and brown sugar, mouth numbing. Not enough body or complexity for me.
Fruity, pleasant and inviting solvent hints in the nose. Melon looms with banana candy. Palate is initially smooth, mildly sweet, and more of the nose. Finish is medium-length. After a beat, the flavory completely shifts to some smoke and becomes more intense. The nose is the best part of this whisky, but overall it's interesting and the more I drink the more the depth and nuances appear, and the palate improves.
A very sweet and rich whisky, with deep flavors of dried fruits and berries. Spice that was present mildly in the background hits harder after a couple moments in the long finish. This is kinda one dimensional in a sweet, grapey, heavily-sherried way. It certainly tasty, and reminds me of Macallan 18 with some Mortlach thrown in.
I expected more. Just vague spice and a suggestion of sherry. Not bad, but this isn't the Springbanky stuff I was looking for.
The nose on this is very malty with some sweet notes and some ocean air.
The palate starts sweet and syrupy which yields only slightly to an underlying maltiness that continues into the finish where there is maybe the slightest trace of smoke.
Tastes like a bourbon cask, and not very Springbanky, though pretty good to drink.
This has all the great old Springbank-y notes that I love. Lots of vegetal dry grass notes with just the perfect amount of sweetness and a tinge of spice. Very smooth on the palate with lots of yellow fruits and toffee sweetness. You taste the oak but it's very subtle and dry. There's a long lingering spearmint finish to this. The sweetness in this was perfect and very inviting. It carried through from nose to palate to finish and worked extremely well with the wood, spice and minty notes.
Bubblegum sweetness and a very warming and concentrated nose and palate.
I was excited to learn what this was as I had heard so much about this bottle.
The palate had classic sherry notes of raisins and cherries and some malty/barley tones that usually are gone at this age.
The finish was long and tingling.
Great nose - sweet and raisiny. Very smooth, with caramel, sherry and other fruit flavors, with a wonderful finish that manages to be both crisp and then linger. Excellent.
Nose is deep, rich, and enticing, with plums, raisins, sherry, caramel. The palate is a great meshing of all of the above, though some rough spots keep this from making a full A grade. Along with the previous are a tasty blend of spices - cloves, cinnamon, curry, cumin - and hints of ale. This whisky is a fully-functioning and multi-layered spice cake.
Nose is rich sherry, chocolate, raisins, prunes - very complex. Palate is sweet and salty, a little mint. Finish is malt vinegar. A little water helps cut some of the bitter notes. Long finish is very tasty. I like some other Springbanks better.
Red hots on the nose and a bit of caramel.
The taste has Bazooka bubblegum and molassas.
Spices used in pumpkin pie, freshly cut wood with a perfumey finish.
A floral bouquet with strawberries and wax and the same light perfumey finish.
Wood, flowers.
Has a bit of citrus. This too has the perfumey finish.
This isn't FWP here, the perfume is very nice.
Unlike other Springbanks I've tasted.
Finish burns a bit. The Zima of whiskey.
Great nose. Fruity, apple/pear, similar to calvados, but less sweet. Short finish with a bit of alcohol.
Nose: Maple syrup and disinfectant, weird and fruity.
Palate: Very fruity and a bit sour.
Finish: Hot! More fruit and white wine.
Overall: Might go over better with Irish Whiskey fans, but the overall funky fruitiness is just too much for me.
Pears and light Karo syrup.
Pine Sol and disinfectant nose. Maple syrup, light. Better on the palate. Sweet. Notes of Big Red gum.
Smells like maple syrup. Too much burn in the finish.
Very, very fruity apple-y nose. Crisp and pleasing. As seems to be the case with American single malts, this one also has a character that just isn't seen in other whiskies - whether you prefer that character or not is of course up to you. Finish is where this loses points - the flavors themselves fade and the alcohol takes over a bit too much. But I'll order this at dinner.
Pretty much exactly what you'd expect, but in a great way, from a crotch-kicking lowlander. Moderately-sweet with a burst of honey and mixed mild spices, long fade. Holds up sip after sip and takes water well. Really excels at what it does.
Lots of vegetal qualities.
Sweet toffees and creamy vanilla texture on the palate with a tart salty finish.
The nose has malt with fruit syrup. The palate on this is just luscious: sweet and malty in good balance with grape notes, Sauternes. It's light and crisp yet full bodied. The finish picks up the malt.
The nose is indeed reminiscent of George T. Stagg, very rich and woody with sweet toffee notes, spice and oak. The palate leads off with sweet candy, then rye spice, oak and a touch of mint with a nice, chewy mouthfeel. The finish is lightly minty. A few drops of water brings out some vanilla and herbal notes.
The nose is rather pleasant with brown sugar and whisps of random notes. The palate is oak heavy and has some very off-putting notes. Overall, I didn't enjoy this.
Great nose. Molasses, banana, sugar. A bit of wood and juniper flavors, with light pepper, clove, and vanilla. Gets very hot but that diminishes quickly. Though the flavor of the finish is very minor, it lasts a full minute.
Bourbony, reminders of corn and rye. Fiery.
Burning spicy firecracker.
Nose is a very light Bourbon. Palate is sweet and light, again like a very light Bourbon with some banana and brandy flavors and a bit of acid. It definitely has a young whiskey taste but you get the sense that there is some potential there.
Nose: Spices and banannas! Cinnamon sticks.
Palate: Sherry, pepper, bananna, and tobacco.
Finish: Short.
Overall: Solid effort from the chaps in Colorado.
Strange burst of oak. No finish.
Floral, vanilla nose. Rich, sweet, and peppery, and also creamy. Pleasant finish. A bit unusual and interesting, very enjoyable.
Grass and hay with some sherry influence.
Vanillas and nuts but not enough of anything.
Tastes watered down.
The nose is very "yellow." Dandelions, lemony, sweaty, and weedy. Palate is quite plain, grassy. Long finish burns. It's literally plain vanilla, with a little grassy stuff, some oranges, and rough edges galore. Not that good, not that bad.
Delicious sweet sherry. Smells of old leather and oak furniture mixed with cherry ludens cough drops. This follows onto the palate with more goodness. Some bitterness mixes with mint/menthol and sherry candy sweetness. Dries out toward the finish with spice and chocolate. There is a lot of old furniture here but it mixes well with the sherry.
Rich color. Sweet and cherry on the nose. Initial bust of fizz with a medium finish. This really wore on me over time.
Nose of sherry, some rubber. Very nutty and very oaky. Palate is surprisingly bland... Some spice, sherry, hay/grass, and oaky oak. Water doesn't change much except the fire. Nothing to celebrate here, but it's interesting to try given the particulars, and certainly an enjoyable beverage to quaff.
Tea, dark chocolate, some orange peel. The more time spent with it, the more marmalade takes over the palate and then transforms into a tannic, semi-spiced, zingy finish. But never too tannic. Excellent, contemplative yet quickly quaffable.
Terrific fruits matched with sherry and oak spices to give it a very complex and deep punch of flavor.
The palate is sweet and spicy - exactly my kind of profile.
The finish is long with pears and some wood resin.
Really terrific.
Can't identify the nose, maybe pine, very organic tasting, long finish.
Unusual and worth trying.
Kind of an oatmeal nose. A very spiritous and alcoholic tasting whisky. The finish is lengthy and almost painful. But, as I drink more, it grows on me... And I find spicy-strong dimensions... Although the soap in the finish detracts noticeably. Goes pretty well with a game of Rock Band.
Fruity with lots of wood spice to balance, with some farmy notes on the nose.
Better than the G&M 40 year. More fruit and balance. More complexity. The sherry is more present on the palate, the fruit in the nose. Not bad for $75. But it still has that tar bite in the finish - not good tar.
Cherry and flowered nose.
Palate is burnt toffee.
Similar to the 40 year, the wood is less pronounced but the other flavors are also more muted.
Still, an enjoyable malt.
Sweet and spicy with cherries and some chocolatey warmth going on.
Then it turns to creme soda and cola after a few minutes.
Interesting and nice but not great.
Fair price for a 25 year though.
Mint and clover nose, bland palate that is thin and slightly oily.
40 years? Really?
Nose of citrus and sherry. Palate is quite vibrant for a 40-year, and though the wood is definitely quite present, it's a good wood... It tastes rather rich and bark-y. Most of all, this whisky has a massive taste of caramel that hits me in the right spot. Not complex at all, but I like the few things it is doing big time.
This came highly recommended, but as is the case with much younger Strathisla, I find a bitter bite to this. It's a little like ground bouillon with some water added and aged in sherry. And it's better than you would think it would taste. But not an amazing whisky for the age and price.
This is similar to the 25 year but seems to be over-oaked.
The wood taste is way too dominant and the Sherry flavors and fruits are pushed aside.
That resinous bitterness might have been good with something more powerful but this was too calm.
Maybe should have been bottled at 30 years?
Nose of unique spices, honey, malt, and especially apples. Cinnamon apples. Palate... Awww, boo. The nose made me excited, but this is just kind of okay-to-boring. Mild spice is the most interesting part of not much. Medium-bodied, lightly sweet and drinkable.
Warm brown sugar sweetness with floral maltiness. Tastes of dark black tea with ferric notes and some citrus. Gets pretty astringent with a fruity short finish.
Wow. For a 12 year this is very nice.
It has some solid sweet cereals and a nice fruitiness that is very pleasant.
Nose is rich, malty, roasted nuts. Palate is spicy, light bitterness, beer-like. Finish is crisp and OK. Beer-like. I'm not a huge fan of most beer. But it is unique.
Solid vanilla cereals and a sweet fruity softness mixed with some oak tannins that make this a solid whisky.
The nose is more on cereals and the palate is more fruity.
The finish is medium and just enough of everything.
Butter, wood, citrus, velvety.
Great scotch!
Nose is raisins, cinnamon bread. Palate is hot! Better with water. Beer-like, candy cane and mint. The finish is very minty.
So different and unusual.
Apple Pie spice and cinnamon and sugar.
Love the taste and the sweet iced teas come through in the finish.
Love it.
This opens with syrupy sweet malt notes on the nose, but there's real grain in there as well, almost like a malt/bourbon combination. The palate starts with a very light malty flavor, which grows in richness as it goes down, and ends with a perfume tinged finish; it's hot for its abv. This is a decent enough blend, very drinkable but not very complex. Due to the light, malty character, if tasting blind, I might have even guessed that it was Irish Whiskey.
Nose is pure rubbing alcohol.
Burns.
Burns.
This is total crap.
It's about as enjoyable as sipping vodka.
Nose is sweet, slightly soapy, and very alcohol-y. Not a lot going on, maybe some honey and biscuits. The palate... Well... Its very sweet... And very sweet... And... Bueller? Bueller? Oh yes, wait. Mr. Lots-Of-Alcohol is here too. The finish is also long and alcohol-y, becoming rather blecchy. This is actually quite similar to Dewar's White, though this has even less dimension - there's no peaty traces - or any traces for that matter, except a little soap. And it's really quite difficult to get through a couple fingers of this whisky. Though I enjoy many of Japan's contributions to American culture, this ain't one of 'em.
These Japanese blends confuse me... I mean, why do you want to emulate something that's so... Ehhh? I guess because, obviously, blends make tons of money. Okay. Fine. Anyhow here's what I'm complaining about... Nose of almond milk, and alcoholy stuff. I barely get anything from the palate... Some nice, light vanilla stuff, barely-fruity notes, and traces of bay leaves and random spices. That would be harmless enough, but the finish is an unfortunate mess of Everclear and other alcoholic blech. That pushes me away and makes me not want another sip. There are some amazing whiskies coming from the folks at Suntory nowadays, but this isn't one of them.
I kinda like it, yet there's something kinda chemically to the whisky. Overall, this is a caramel and cinnamon number, with vanilla - there's a whole lotta blendy stuff that tastes like this. And I'll never truly understand why. Later I'm told it's peated, but it doesn't seem to be more than 2-3 ppm, as I detected none. I find it drinkable, yet sorta blecchy, and doesn't quite reach the status of "I'd be happy to find this on an airplane."
This smelled and tasted more like an Islay malt with lots of preserved fish and briney notes.
Reminded me of Caol Ila on the nose.
It gets a bit more woody and spicy on the palate.
Not much of the citrus and tea that normally make me think of Talisker.
It didn't matter if it had the things I thought were "characteristic" of Talisker, it was still damn delicious.
A peppery-peaty tangy malt that is great bang-for-your-buck.
Talisker is one of those that usually is very noticeable when you try it because they get that classic salty pepper in it from the peat on Skye.
No one else seems to have that.
Faint peat and fruits, but only subtly so. These nice taste pairs tend to be overwhelmed by the alcohol however, keeping this from being a better malt.
Nose is earthy, spicy red pepper, sawdust.
More complex than the other 10 years out there, but tastes younger, needs a few more years to mellow out.
A solid moderately peated scotch with hints of fruit that finishes very dry and oaky.
One of my favorite go to malts. Light golden hue. The nose is smokey and peaty. On the tongue a lot of wood and smoke with a peppery finish. Very nice overall with deep flavors, but everything balances nicely.
The youth here leaves a lot of heat, but it's more of a good, warming kind - and it's full of peat, earth, some sweetness, fruit, definite spice, a mintyness in the finish, and I'm not sure what to call the rest. Bursting with rough edges - like that finish which is so long and yummy, but so hot - but those are all what's part of what makes it tasty. A rough-rider, and because of this I'd say "not for beginners" - although this is indeed where many start, as there's a bang-for-your-buck quality.
This seems younger and more spirity than I remember - really brings me back to the still room on Skye, which may be the best smelling still room of all. Nose has some red wine vinegar. Palate is ginger bread cookie and malt vinegar. Finish is salt and pepper. Perhaps another for fish and chips.
Nose is all Talisker. Salt, wood, sawdust, cardboard box. Palate adds salt and pepper. The finish lets it down. Not as good as the 10. Probably good after dinner drink.
Blind: Indistinct fruity sweetness with tea and vanilla.
Finishes nicely with just a touch of salt thats reminiscent of an ocean breeze.
Complex with two distinct parts, starts dry and oaky, then finishes with the deep sweetness of a much older whiskey. This is the next bottle I buy.
For me, a considerable amount smoother than the 10 year but not A quality.
However, as a bang-for-your-buck... This one is exactly what you should look for.
Fair price for an 18 year old with loads of flavor and solid goodness.
Pepper and vanillas incorporated with some sweet nuttiness.
Very good whisky.
Lots of nuttiness and cut hay notes on the nose. It starts off spicy on the palate but still retains a fair bit of nuttiness and citrus. The brine and peat comes through on the finish and is quite nice.
Lightly peated and sherried nose. This reminds me of a lightly peated Mac 18. The sherried cask is apparent. This is a easy to drink, delicious. Nothing profound here, but delicious and highly recommended.
Nose is oaky with a bit or caramel.
Full smoky flavor with a nice sweetness and light peat.
Dry and woody finish.
Sweet aftertaste.
The nose was slight, just a little light caramel. But the palate was full-bodied - some sherry and caramel, mixed with light peat and pepper. Nice complexity, well-balanced, good mouth feel for the flavors. The finish seemed to come back to the sherry a little. Very refreshing and enjoyable. Note: On a second tasting after some other whiskies, this seemed like a let down. OK, but not what I really like from a hot, complex Talisker. Tamer. Sweeter. A little watered down.
This Talisker simply has lost its Talisker classic taste of pepper.
The peat and Sherry go well together but they each tone the other down and mask the great pepper that makes Talisker great.
I know Diageo does this with all of the 'Classic Malts' I just don't think its necessary except for maybe the Lagavulin...
Does everything perfectly. Simply delicious.
Fantastic oak and mulling spices.
The top of an apple pie, liquefied.
Fantastic. Not for novices.
Okay, I'm going to be the odd man out here and say that while I enjoyed this whisky, it didn't bowl me over the way it did my colleagues.
The nose is sherry and mulling spices.
The palate is sherry with wisps of smoke and sulphur, but there is also a thinness to it as well as a one-dimensional quality.
The finish brings out a sweeter wine note, perhaps port, with some smoke.
A good malt, no doubt, but just it didn't affect me the way it did others.
Outstanding, perfectly balanced, among the very best whiskies I've tasted.
Powerful, potent, smooth, a bit of fruit yet strong.
Wow. Nose is cinnamon rolls with cream cheese. Seriously. Where'd that come from? Smoke. Grilled asparagus. Eggs in butter on a hot skillet. Palate - explosion! Huge sweetness and spice. Raisins, sugar coated dates. Finish is hot. Spicy jalapeños. Red pepper. This is the most explosive whisky I have tasted.
Beautiful bronze/amber color. Sweet and balanced, with peat, rubber, smoke, ham and spice on the nose. Smooth and smokey in my mouth with a very rich flavor including more smoke and peat. Some sulfur too. Unbelievably balanced. One of the best of all time.
Nose of slight charcoal, pepper and also a bit sweet. Initial smoke on the palate, followed by sherry and caramel flavors, with a long, wonderful, well-balanced finish. Excellent.
One of my favorite malts of all time.
Great dark deep sweet peaty/salty peppery notes with candle wax and burnt wooden matches.
I don't get a lot from the nose - white wine and smoke mostly. The palate is tasty - mostly smoke with distinct but not overwhelming sweetness - and spice, along with brine. Finishes at length, with salt lingering for a while. Though the proof is high, this tastes fine to me at full strength, though there is some challenging heat. A little water tames the flames, heightens the sweetness, but also flattens out some of the other dimensions - I think I prefer it undiluted. A tasty one, either way.
Nose of dried fruits, sweet, peat, oceanic. Palate is sweet and nice, sort of a rasiny thing with pepper and smoke. Not a really heavy kind of smoke. The sweetness gets heavy-handed and basically becomes too much. Odd balance.
Deep red-brown color. The nose has mature sherry oak, sulfur, ash, funky sherry notes and a little peat in the background. Also smells like a dusty library. Over time it just keeps getting funkier. The palate has a quite a bit of wood and a little smokiness. The finish is nice and the whisky really sticks to the tongue. Overall I thought the nose was great and the palate was okay.
A pepper-mill and nothing great - nothing bad... Just okay.
Fails to distinguish itself as even a Talisker. A classic ho hum if there ever was one. "Unoffensive" is my only compliment.
Nose is winey, with something like crisp apples. Palate is mildly sweet, with honey and spice. This is hot, and when I discovered it wasn't cask strength I was surprised. Water tames the fire but doesn't seem to improve anything. The finish is medium-long and continues the previous, turning mostly to dry spice. Good and fine to drink, but mostly kind of plain-with-spice and hot.
The nose is corned beef hash, dried fruit, and light peat. Definitely Talisker. The palate adds salt to the mix. The finish adds more peat and salt. Very long. Very nice. This made me very happy.
Lots of smoke with sea salt and pepper spice.
The peat is more pronounced compared to the core range of OB taliskers.
Some fruit as well.
Sweet grains.
Wow.
Tastes like f***ing chocolate cake frosting.
Sweet with a powdery mouth feel, finishes like a McDonald's chocolate shake.
Totally unique profile, really stood out during long night of whisky tasting.
Delicious.
Whisky version of a melon liqueur.
Finish is strange bay leaf and raw oatmeal.
Enjoyable.
Chocolate nose, well-balanced, sweet on the palate. This is very rich, somewhat sweet and chocolate-y, would be enjoyable on a winter night.
I liked this so much, I schlepped out to W&LD to get a bottle of my own.
Sweet and rich on the nose, this tastes great and has a medium caramel finish.
Really nice stuff, and a terrific value.
Nose: Ah, here we again come across a brand of the "farty" smell. My old friend. Here it blends with fragrances of gasoline and fiberglass. None of this is overwhelming, though, and there's some honey and brighter fruity notes as well. Palate: Interesting. A bright, fruity, citrusy, tangy number. Very sweet for a single malt. Some caramel and honey and hard candies. I'm liking this. Choclatey, like milk chocolate is woven through. The farts do make an appearance on some sips, but isn't that variation what we love about single malts? Finish is as before and longish. Me likey.
Burning candles or melting wax, melons and minty. There was a bit of rubber as well.
Nose of light apples and solvent, with hockey rink and a little ether.
Palate is mild and sweet and good, with caramel and chocolate. A late spice kick moves into the medium-length finish. This is hot, but it's a sweet, tasty, spicy treat. Yum!
Delicious.
Very sweet, sharp, cinnamon nose. A taste of hot/spicy cinnamon - someone made the "red hots" candy comparison and that's very accurate. Long, spicy finish. This was really interesting - not something I'd drink all the time, but I would certainly enjoy having it in the bar, and it is so distinctive that it is worth seeking out to try.
Well, my initial impression was just "Cask-strength sherried whisky, and good!" 'Cause that's what it is. Lengthy finish. BE mentioned Red Hots and he's right. Adding a good amount of water makes this a really rich and drinkable sherried treat, bringing out toffee and caramel and other spices. Just add water and enjoy!
Smells like a bowl of freshly cut fruit. The taste didn't match the nose. Pretty plain a bitter apple peel finish.
Caramel, buttery nose. On the palate, a strange combination of bitter toffee, pine, a bit thin but a long finish. Slight medicinal quality. Not bad, not great.
Nose is floral, bright fruit, and maybe some chocolate. Palate is yummy! Sweet richness mixed with a bittersweet, unusual chocolately flavor Mild sherry in the background, and maybe slight wisps of smoke. A couple drops of water add dimension, but more water than that starts to detract.
I really like this one, it's rather complex and super-tasty without being overwhelming. Like it. Approved!
I purchased a bottle of this on a trip to Chicago a while back and really enjoyed it.
Perhaps it was because I was sequestered working 12 days, but it really hit the spot as a nightcap.
Not a very big rye, but it had a great balancing sweetness, floral character, and clean finish.
I happen to like what might be described as thin dry ryes, like Old Overholt, so take that into consideration with my grade.
Nose isn't so bad but it lacks on the palate.
It took me a long time to get through my bottle.
The nose is beautiful; full of rye spice with pickling herbs, very characteristic of a strong rye and very nice. The flavor is doesn't fully follow through with the nose. There is some good spice, but also a bit of soap and a watery quality which dulls the spice. I'd like to try this at a higher alcohol level, which might allow it to retain a bit of the punch from the nose. For now, I'll just enjoy the aromas.
Nose is wheaty and woody, along with some glue.
Tart and hot, with a faint bit of fruit but ya really gotta search for it.
No finish.
Not sure what this is all about.
Nose of candy corn and a bit of nail polish. Palate is watery, semi-sweet, semi-spicy, and the candy corn is actually present here as well. Long, hottish finish. Sort of a "whatever" bourbon.
Easy finish, nice bouquet.
Just sweet and nice.
I could drink this all night.
No water necessary.
Great nose - very sweet. Taste of honey, hints of rye, hints of bourbon, a bit of spice. However, not much edge, not very "warm," and while easy to drink, very non-descript. Doesn't have as much rye character as I would like, but is a very drinkable whiskey.
Maple syrup, fruit, and raisins.
Bourbon and caramel.
Finish is disappointing.
Nose is honey and maple.
Taste is smooth, barely a rye.
Finish is too subtle.
So sweet, so smooth, so easy.
Almost too easy.
Very pleasant to drink.
Sweet nose of melons, palate is unremarkable but generally smooth and inoffensive, finishes ok.
Not crazy about this, seems like it's made for the rocks.
Sherry nose.
Sherry, nuts, and a bit of citrus.
Nicely balanced, sweet finish. I take back all those nasty things I've said about blends.
Well, half of them.
Nose of peat smoke and iodine, charcoal. Palate is light for a peated malt and for what the nose advertises. It's smokey, yes, but it's almost like... Coal. Weird mouthfeel. Somewhat sweet whisky at first, but it quickly gets dry, both flavor-wise and physically. The finish could use improvement. This isn't that bad at all, just not that great... And considering the price, you could do worse.
Medium yellow color. Musty smell with some vanilla and old socks on the nose. Subtle vanilla and not much else on the palate. It is fairly neutral, but pleasant. The finish is mild to say the least. Just not enough there, but I don't find it revolting.
Christmasy-clove-allspice-cinnamon-nutmeg-minty-rich-freight-train-delight. A fascinating rye that just pleases the hell out of me. This is not one for novices, the ABV and massive rich spice mix will probably just put them off. However, the heat isn't near what would be expected from nearly 67%. This has some nearly magical, mysterious aspects to it... And I don't believe any magical or mysterious mumbo-jumbo, so that's saying a lot! Completely delightful.
Damn that's great.
Everything should be bottled at 66.35%.
I took a sip and then involuntarily leaned my head back, closed my eyes, and smiled.
This is just a huge aggressive rye with everything going on.
I will buy a bottle immediately.
How is it that I went this long without trying this?
This stuff is just so enjoyable.
Punch you in the face spice from start to finish.
It's kinda like Parker Beam says, he doesn't taste cinnamon or honey or anything like that, he just tastes bourbon.
Well, this tastes like Rye.
And I know its good.
The nose was somewhat bland to me and rye centric. But, wow, the palate was delicious. Rich chocolate, citrus, unique wood notes, spice cabinet flavors all wrapped up nicely for a very well balanced expression. Also, as an aside, this vats well 50/50 with Sazerac 18 - probably better than either alone.
Young and watered down.
Pure spirit run through charcoal.
No finish.
At first I couldn't identify the nose, but once I tasted it, I realized what it was: Shampoo. But a nice one, maybe herbal essences... But that taste is just soapy... But a nice soap...
Brown fruit and stagnant water. Warm maltiness with tinge of rusty metal and wet stones. Palate is astringent with pears and lots of saltiness. Then it gets a bit funky with stale fruits and ends with doughy/bread and more salt water.
Vanilla cream, dry hay, heather and nice oak influence.
Green apple and white grape juice.
There are some mineral, ferric notes that remind me of astringent oolong teas.
Bosc and green pears on the palate followed by a stale bready note.
The mineralic note returns mid palate with just a bit of fudge.
Finish is stale and doughy.
Spicy nose with vicks vapor rub.
Toasted french baguette smothered in berry fruit jam.
Some funky sour sherry notes appear. The funky sour sherry stuff hits initially on the palate and it's unpleasant. Cherry cough drop, smoke and tar. The stale sherry stuff runs all the way through to the finish alongside black licorice.
The nose is not so inviting. Caramel pokes through, but something is rotting. Then the palate is actually kind of yummy... Yet not. By the finish, the whisky really improves. This is just difficult to describe - some things in here I really like - but that nose and the only-partially-sustainable drinkability keep the rating way down.
Lightly sweet yet bitter. Lots of nuttiness with molasses and a salty fin. Thin body, boring and bland.
A big step down from the 18, in my opinion.
Dried apricots and strawberries, tart, french perfume, very vaporous.
A very solid dram.
Nose is bright mangos and passion fruits.
Palate is warming and creamy with some floral/purfumey background notes.
The fruits are less vibrant on the palate but they are still there.
The finish is long and sweet.
Not the greatest thing ever but a good solid bottle... If you can ever find another one.
Nose of definite wood and spice cabinet. Sweet honey and some fruity stuff, with sherry notes, and interesting floral tones. The palate pretty much delivers on this, being sweet-ish and pleasing, with an interesting spice mix... Although I wish the spices were more distinctive. The oak is as present as it was on the nose, yet it's decently controlled, as long as you like your oak in the "quite noticeable" category. The spice gets spicier in the finish, building, sticking around at good length, with oaky tannins remaining in the tails. Overall, there's mild complexity here against a background of honey, both silky and spicy at the same time. And I like it. It gets better the more I drink, with nuances and levels revealing themselves every few sips. Still, bring a bottle over and I'll happily kill it with you.
Again, I'm a cheap date.
Cinnamon nose with grassy smoke on the palate and a delicious lingering finish.
My only complaint?
Don't tell everyone that this was $30 at Binny's without clarifying that it's long since sold out.
Considering what company this bottle had when I tasted it, it scored pretty well in my book.
It was clearly young and rather... Well... Simple.
Grassy and wet hay cereals in the nose.
Palate was soft and velvety with easy drinking fruits malts and cereals.
The nose suggested it would be harsher than the smooth palate let on.
OK whisky. I got nothing from the nose. The palate was was good, but I could not identify flavors. The finish was about the same. Not bad, but mysteriously generic.
This is real tasty stuff, goes down easy.
Big n' fruity with just the right amount of wood spice in the finish to round things out.
Bland, forgettable, not worth drinking.
Fruity bouquet. Easy drinkability. Not harsh. Smooth. Easier on the girls w/o bad breath offending them. Less Offensive. No finish. Subtle. Well aged.
Light color. A very unpleasant citrus nose. Mild and forgetable everywhere else.
Nose is nutty, honey, fruity; opens up into a medium taste; very subtle finish; mild and pleasant but forgettable.
Nose of nuts, honey. Palate decent but bland-ish. Finishes smooth and easy, but no interesting taste or build. Overall, the nose is better than the taste/finish.
Nutty nose, smooth, maple syrup. Boring.
Strange nose, taste not as strange, almost no taste, Not worth drinking, bland.
Sweet, floral, slightly boozy nose, lacking any distinct taste, very smooth, subtle finish. Overall, too smooth. Would be good to drink at the end of the night before/while passing out.
Sweeter Nose, honey, floral. Reminiscent of Macallan. Very smooth, easy, mild, pleasant, forgettable.
Hmmm. From the dark color and the fact that this was apparently a first fill sherry cask, one would think it would be richly sherried. But it is hardly so.
A nice soft sherry profile, very drinkable but hardly interesting.
I think 40% was much too low for this one.
Smells like candy corn, with a hint of straw. The theme continuous, refreshing, interesting. A feel good whiskey. Faint nutty flavors in the finish, a but lacking. Overall real good.
Nose is fruity and bright, with slight soap. Palate - FRUIT EXPLOSION. Peaches, apple, and watermelon in real and Jolly Rancher varieties. An easy, easy, e-z drinker. Though it's remarkably fruity, it's not particularly sweet, which I find interesting. Finish is long and somewhat drying, with some soap. I like it, but because it's just so one-dimensional I can't like it more. Uh, right.
Faint color. The nose has a lot of citrus, but is very light and whispy. Sweet and pink bubblegum on the tongue. Enjoyable but not memorable.
Nose is super fruity, big peaches, and aspects of Sauternes. Palate is great but watery... Very much in the distillery style of being "gentle." It's no butt-kicker, nor is it designed to be, and I think anyone could enjoy this.
Nose is plaster and wet paper. The palate is salt and vinegar chips. Not bad there. The finish is short and hot. Might be a good cheap drink with fish and chips, instead of a beer.
My understanding is that this was supposed to be available in the US by now, but as far as I know it's not. Too bad, because I really like it... Nose of honey and peanut butter, cinnamon. That palate is yummy! What the nose implied, light, with that cinnamon quite active. Mildly sweet, with the honey-bourbon flavors nicely balanced against the wood, super-drinkable. Finish is a mildly tannic fade of Bit O Honey. It was only after tasting this that I realized the label calls this "Lemon Butter Pastry." Hmm... More honey than lemon to me, but yeah, that's a good description. Simple and not a big whisky, but great at what it does.
Oaky and sweet, drinkable, but nothing else stands out.
Weak bourbon woodiness, disappears.
The nose is sweet and malty with some nice fruit and white grape juice. The palate is very straightforward and malty without much else going on. It reminds me a lot of Glenmorangie 10, malty and sweet and not bad at all if a bit boring.
The nose on this one is light and fruity with fruit cocktail notes. The palate is also fruit forward but it devolves a sourness which lasts into the finish which also has a note of stale wine and a touch of bitterness.
Apple palate. Long smooth syrupy finish.
Caramel, cider and syrup.
Clean but not very complex.
Very drinkable though.
Malty, sugary, simple, and good.
Mild, slightly sweet nose. Complex, sweet, a bit of a bite, some malt. Medium-length, cider/sweet finish. Easy to drink.
Tasty fun.
Very classic Irish.
Weak and simple with grassy/nutty flavors.
This really works well with coffee and that's what I will drink it with if required.
Pass.
Plums, spiced wood.
Full flavored, velvety and unique.
Like it!
My notes are not extensive on this but I did notice the sweet deep Iced Tea flavors and its a good but not really memorable.
Nose oftoffee and apple juice, with and citrus notes. Palate of light toffee and vanilla, with a helping of nondescript spice. Moderately sweet. Not a whole lot going on here. The finish is the main problem, where it gets messy and falls apart into spiritous stuff. And as the glass drains, that lingering quality becomes the main experience, unfortunately.
Nose is malty, and mainly smells like cheap vodka poured over a bowl of mixed cereal. Palate is basically what you'd expect from the nose, though the cheap vodka is thankfully not too overwhelming. Malt lingers in the finish, but so does alcoholic trash. This isn't terrible, just not very drinkable.
I smell caramel, fruity tones with notable apples, bubblegum, and alcohol. Palate presentsmalty flavors and grassy notes, but they're quickly usurped by really spiritous stuff... And that pretty much becomes the whole experience, particularly lingering in the finish. I'm a little confused as to what the blender's objective is here. This tastes to me like a scotch that should be much, much less expensive. But it's certainly drinkable.
This is a hot and flavorful rye. Feels stronger than the ABV indicates. The wood and sweetness mix well.
A tasty rye!!
Not just for breakfast!!
Great nose on this. The first whiff of this stuff is Bourbony sweetness, they you get flooded with the strong rye spice. The flavor flips that formula on its head with rye spice in the forefront and a bit of bitterness, followed with some sweetness that lasts into the finish, hand in hand with the bitter. This is a bit less rounded than Buffalo Trace's other ryes and the sweetness and spice feel less integrated, but it gets points for a solid and complex rye flavor. If they could tame the bitter edges, this would be amazing stuff.
Full bodied and forceful on the nose with a wee bit of nail polish in the background. The palate is thick and savory but a bit too much of an alcohol taste. While there is some oak, it hasn't developed the chewiness of the 20 year old yet, but you can see it going in that direction. Late palate there is a bit of acid which closes it out.
It's a good Bourbon, but there's too much pure-alcohol taste in it.
Had this on several times and was never too fond of it.
Lots of rye in this.
Spices and coconuts with mostly wood on the palate and a very short finish.
Not a lot there in the nose. The palate is medium-to-largely sweet, and good, with decent depth. The finish is long, building, kinda nutty, and rather boozy. Some soapy aspects join that boozyness, and that's what really hurts this bourbon. It would be really good stuff if it didn't fall apart in the finish.
A lovely orange hue with a ORVW 10yr nose all over it. Candy, sugar and molasses on the palate. Body is really light and easy with just enough spice kick. I really liked this one.
Again just extra, unexpected, great range of dimensions here. Sweetness, but the oak is big for 8 years. If this was on the shelf and priced as a typical 8yo, I couldn't buy enough of it! As the glass drains the tannins can get surprisingly heavy at times, but who cares. This is great stuff.
Color is red/golden amber. The nose on this fascinated me. It started weak and thin with every note hiding away. Over the course of maybe half an hour it started to expand open into this beautiful bouquet of caramel, vanilla and molasses. Just like with the Van Winkle line, I adore the noses on the younger expressions. It was incredible how the elements just became more and more concentrated. The palate was slightly disappointing: straightforward with some sweet oak and a barely present bitter tinge. Regardless it drank really easy and left me satisfied.
Light-medium amber. Some lighter sweetness and vanilla on the nose. On the palate I tasted a weird soap flavor that really turned me off.
Nose is faint initially, but then some vanilla and oak emerge.
Inital flavor impact is chocolaty and rich and stays that way all the way through the finish.
Seems to fade quickly on the first few sips, but then gains some legs as you get further into the glass.
Very easy drinking but kind of a one-note-wonder.
Nose of toffee, with aspects that are earthy for a bourbon. Palate is pretty full-flavored, again with earthy, slightly smokey hints not typically found in a bourbon. Finish is very long. This is closer to scotch in some ways - maybe this has a high barley content? I don't think so, but whatever. It's pretty tasty bourbon with decent depth, and not overpriced. I like it.
Light to medium amber. The nose was sweet and lots of vanilla with the palate generally not featuring much and vanishing quickly. Pretty hot.
The nose on this has sweet corn and oak. The palate is a bit flat with soapy notes, and it's hot for its abv. Some caramel and candy notes in the background. Finish is sweet and a bit buttery.
A very soft and rounded nose.
Candied plums, pears, cinamon, black peppers and exotic wood.
Tart limes and lots of spices on the palate with a medium finish.
Deep red amber color. For some reason the nose on this one was unappealing. I seemed to get more alcohol vapor than on any other release. I did though get some caramel, butterscotch and bitter oak. The palate isn't heavy and absorbing like the other 12 years; it is thin, straightforward and lacking in something that really draws me in. Still, not bad and would definitely drink again.
Deep red amber color. The nose on this was very much like a rustic Armagnac with grass and other field elements. Yeah, there was some caramel/vanilla too. Not overly exciting to me on the nose, but what I really liked was the body. It was rich and smooth. It had just the right balance between sweet and bitter oak/spice. I guess in an ideal world, I would take the 1964 nose and pair it with this body. The finish too may have been my favorite of the night.
Extremely deep red amber color. I really wanted to love this one, but the oak was too much for me. I got more rustic elements again with grass, wheat, and some sweet oak on the nose. The finish is on the dry side and satisfying. On a stand-alone basis I may have liked this slightly more, but it was hard for me to handle the contrast between the 8 and 12 years and the 15 and 18.
The nose is burnt sugar, like a creme brulee crust.
The palage has that perfect balance of candy and oak that I'm used to in more recent Stitzel-Wellers.
There's also a slightly earthy note, like a good Cognac.
The finish is dry and spicy.
This tastes remarkably like Pappy 15 and tasting side by side with a 2008 Pappy 15, they were shockingly similar.
Wide range of opinions on this one, though I really don't think any of us would refuse drinking another bottle! Personally I think it's tasty stuff, certainly good, but there's some oaky bitterness to it that can at times be way too much. It is fairly similar to the Pappy 15 we pulled off the bar to compare to it, but there are noticeable differences. This has more bitter wood but also more complexity.
Deep deep amber color. On the nose I got a very nice and balanced sweet oak and salted caramel vibe. All around I thought the palate had too much oak, which distracted me from what I thought was a delightful nose. Once again, this is another one I would like to do alone; regardless, I still found this to be unique and interesting and something I want to try again.
Sawdust, wet grass, dry tree bark, herbal, black berry, dark rpe cherry, caramel, hard candy and eucalyptus wood.
Deep red amber color. The nose had sugar, wheat, candy, some grass and molasses. The palate was incredibly balanced and went down very easy. It was sweet with some wood and over time seemed to be getting a little bitter. The finish went too quickly for me, but overall this is a solid bourbon.
Nose has a milder, oaky bourbon quality, with rye, and I swear I get peanut butter. The palate is rich, tasty, oaky ryed bourbon. Only mildly sweet, and the oak is rather heavy, but I don't think it's a ruining-it kind of heavy oak - though some sips verge on slightly too bitter for me - but not enough to dampen my enthusiasm. A bourbon for sipping by the fire.
Nose of crayons, salt water taffy, honey, and spice. Palate is quite oaky and tannic, and keeps the mild sweetness from ever holding center stage. I'm not super-crazy about it, but it's good bourbon for certain.
Very spicy with vanilla sweetness and cookie dough. Pretty thin and dry on the palate. Its sour, very woody with lots of resinous notes.
I wasn't too fond of this.
A very good full flavored rye with cinnamon and lots of oak.
Consistent with the other 20+ year releases in the "Vintage" series, the wood might be too much for some, but I like it.
Pears, caraway seed and lots of wood and caramel.
Finish was bitter for me.
I just don't get a whole lot from this. And that not-muchness is over-oaked, which is the problem here. Too leathery after a few sips.
The nose on this has really clear and clean bourbon notes with citrus and rye.
On the palate, there is a real rye inflection.
It's heavily herbal and a bit medicinal with a bit of bitterness as well.
The finish is mostly a dry rye finish.
This is pretty decent for the price.
It's rough around the edges but has a lot of flavor - a fine budget bourbon.
Tangy spice and mildly sweet, rather light, but quite alcohol-y. And that's what stays in the lengthy, disappointing finish. Whatever bourbon.
There is lots of sweet candy on the nose. The palate is sweet and a bit soapy with a touch of cough syrup which leads into a medicinal finish.
Nose of paint, toffee, and vanilla. Palate is rather dry for a bourbon, and somehow "richer" without being at all complex. There's a little spice, and a little something synthetic-tasting that I can't quite put a finger on... Synthetic in a good way. All the flavors here are very slight, and continue in the lengthy, hot finish.
Fine but generic. Finish is wine-y.
Nose of very standard bourbon. Hot, strong whiskey, but no distinct characteristics. Not bad, just generic.
Nothing nose. Bourbon-y Taste. Short alcohol finish. Not impressive.
Sweet, very smooth and enjoyable.
Who couldn't drink this?
Unremarkable, fine, good. Sweet and easy. Drink at a bar.
Vanilla sweetness with some spicy rye notes and citrus.
The nose - yep, it's bourbon, but there's also some slight minty aspects, cherry, apple, and Dial Soap hints. Actually wait, there's a perplexing amount of soap. And the palate - it's strange. Definitely soapy. Chemical notes. Mildly sweet, with traces of something like malt. Finish is mostly soap. This is like some mutant, chemical-plant version of bourbon. I'm afraid to drink more.
Citrus, raisins, and car exhaust.
Promising up front, finishes poorly. Like Dana Plato, it starts strong but ends unpleasantly.
Worth trying, turpentine aspects.
Licorice with a bit of smoke, malty, sweet, full bodied yet not too oily, long finish.
If all blends tasted like this then I wouldn't put them down so much.
In most inexpensive blends the grain stands out like a cheap hooker on the corner.
But not here.
The grain flavors are subtle and complimentary.
Can't really do better for $30.
Nose of caramel, vanilla, toffee, and cookies. Somewhat grassy. The palate is very easy drinking, quite full of caramel flavors - but not too much - with a sweetness that stays in check. Well-balanced whisky.
Very sugary, almost cognac like nose, full of distilled fruits.
Mild and fruity, very enjoyable and then it just falls apart in the finish.
Blechy.
A lighter bourbon that smells of peanuts, toffee and molasses.
There is a musty aspect to the nose as well that reminds me of soil and dirt.
Lightly honeyed with bitter citrus and spiced oak.
This has a very thin mouthfeel and is a weird bourbon, but not in a bad way.
Fabulous nose with a rich, sweet, heavily wooded old-whiskey smell. The richness carries on to the taste with a nice, chewy texture. This one is for those who like them old and strong. There is lots of wood, but it's not over oaked, and the sweetness is mingled throughout. Water really opens this one up and brings out some rye spice, though at the expense of some of the wood.
Smooth, simple and sweet. Finish lingers but is a bit too hot.
Pleasant, sweet nose. Needs water, otherwise it's just hot without much flavor. Simple, average bourbon.
Cool, refreshing, simple, good, quick.
Heats up in the finish.
Drink at a bar.
Overly hot compared to it's flavor profile, but nice sugar... Gets better towards the bottom of the glass... Good, but I'm not sure... This is good and drinkable but not that great.
Sweet nose.
Simple bourbon taste. Hot finish but not unpleasant.
Very much a classic bourbon taste.
Needs a little water to open it up.
Some wood in the nose, milk caramels, and multigrain bread. Good rich flavors of big bourbony vanillas, and this becomes prominent as vanilla cake batter in the finish. Except for the tails of the finish which falter a bit, this is good bourbon. And what a price! At cask strength! Why wouldn't you buy a bottle of this?!
Sweet caramel on the nose, with some Cognac and wood. The flavor has both sweetness and spice in equal measures, with a good measure of wood. A few drops of water really brings out the wood in this one, as well as some pine, mint and banana flavors.
Very drinkable and pleasant and as others have said, a great value.
This is my best buy of bourbon. In the low $30 range I think it competes with bourbon in the $40-50 range. Straight, it is a hot nose with lots of oak and caramel. The palate is smoother than the nose. Even at barrel proof, it's smooth. Leather, caramel, sweet corn, molasses. Also hot! Can be good without water in winter. Infinite finish. But Rare Breed is my summer drink because it is one of the few whiskeys that can pour over a glass of ice and still have amazing flavor while being refreshing. On ice, it's lemon cake with cool cream. I'm not big on icing whiskey, but this is a refreshing exception.
Sharp dry woody notes. Fresh cut herb and tree bark. Earthy vegetal stuff mixed in with warm caramel, melted butter and all spice. Dense mouthfeel. Buttered corn and fresh mint. There's a fair bit of peppery heat that lingers in the mid palate and runs into the mentholated fudge finish.
Sweet vanilla syrup with dry herbascious nose.
Not too sweet on the palate.
Gets slightly bitter and waxy on the palate.
Its what I imagine lacquer/varnish would taste like.
A little water helps to tone down the heat.
Very nice nose on this, subtle, complex, with a nice oak to it. The flavor has some good aged Bourbon characteristics without losing its complexity, sweetness comes in late in the palate. A fine, subtle Bourbon. Nicely done. The Party Source's tasting notes highly recommend water with this one, but as with most whiskeys, I preferred it neat. I found that the oak flavors dissipated too much with water, and I like some oak in my Bourbon.
Smooth and velvety.
Leather and butterscotch.
Yummy!
Very light and caramelly on the nose, almost Canadian like. The flavor maintains its Canadian character; it's very sweet with caramel and fruit, a light whiskey. A bit too fruity for my tastes.
Heavy caramel and toffee on the nose. The flavor is a nice, thick, caramel tasting Bourbon with a good, chewy texture. Very pleasant and very drinkable if not the most complex Bourbon in the world... Sort of tastes like Evan Williams at barrel strength.
Nose: Banana and caramel. Palate: Creamy mouthfeel with vanilla, a touch of bitterness, oaky toward the end. Finish is long with wood, spice and caramel.
Nose is dusty for a bourbon. Palate is very sweet, very sweet, and um, let's see. Very sweet. This may be the sweetest bourbon I've ever tried. There's not a lot else, but not in a bad way. In the longish finish, spice and some heat linger. It's definitely one-dimensional bourbon, but if you're looking for something that's just sweet, you may find this quite addicting.
Great nose! This is liquid candy, but the wood and alcohol balance it out, and as a result does not come across as TOO sweet. Despite the 65% alcohol, it isn't overpowering, and is reasonably complex. Cutting with water does bring out the "vanilla custard" flavor AH described. This is an uncut, unfiltered wheat-based bourbon, and is immensely enjoyable. Doesn't have all of the traditional characteristics one associates with bourbon. Seek this one out.
Maple candy nose.
Spice and wood.
Water brings out more flavors, lets vanilla custard tastiness shine through with spice and wood straight through the finish.
Yum yum yum.
Dense syrupy stuff.
Lots of wet wood and cracked peppers.
Herbal and red fruits notes hide behind the spice.
Lingering mint and cherry licorice finish.
Its mentholated upon exhale!
Like cough drops.
I'm going to have to try this when I'm sick and see if it clears up my sinuses.
My favorite of the 2013 BTAC. The nose is delightful and surprisingly grassy and fresh, with spring water and other prairie like elements. The palate is what I expected - vanilla, caramel, candy and everything nice. The finish is spectacular.
Noses of young cherry, hickory, lacquer and paint varnish.
Some of that comes through on the palate with dark licorice and black pepper.
Nice lingering mentholated finish.
Golden amber color. Sweet nose with plenty of vanilla, maple syrup and some spice - specifically I am getting chipotle. I really like the nose, it is complex and interesting. The palate disappoints a little, but does have a good kick. A little bitter and lots of rye. The finish is good and covers the mouth while rolling into a good draw.
Blechh.
I don't want to think about it again, much less give notes.
Started on a bright sweetness that had classic vanillas and malty flavors and then just kept going... And going... And ... I actually spit it out and could not stomach another taste.
Just too sweet and... Well... Yucky.
The nose is dry and oaky and a little soapy.
It reminds me of the nose on Wasmund's Single Malt.
The palate is heavily medicinal and woody, with a bit of brine and some orchard fruit in the background.
The finish is medicinal with a bitterness that grows.
This version seems to have magnified some of the harsher characteristics of the regular Woodford.
Fruit present on the nose. Super-smooth on the palate with an easy, light sweetness. Yet there's enough oak in here to leave me with a nice, light chewy quality. Bourbon Lite, but in a good way. I used to say put it on the rocks, but it drinks fine neat, if a bit plain.
Light and woody nose, dry rye, oaky, woody finish which lacks sweetness.
The nose is light and sweet with some banana notes.
The palate starts sort of generically sweet but quickly turns a bit astringent with some earthy notes as well which continue into the finish.
Has a few off flavors and is a bit flat.
I used to drink a lot of this stuff and enjoy it, but haven't had it in years.
I'm not sure if it's changed of if I have.
The nose on this is very Woodford with medicinal pot still notes. The palate starts sweet and then hits mint and quickly transitions into that Woodford medicinal flavor which turns quite bitter; the bitterness lasts into the finish which is also a bit astringent.
Mild, maple nose. Among the most complex bourbons I've tasted. Lots of wheat and rye. The flavor changes and evolves amazingly - cloves and spices come later. Rich taste. I've tasted this multiple times, and have found the wheat/rye characteristics to be a bit overwhelming at times. But this is very good.
Nose is a nice, simple maple bourbon. But the taste is holy crap robust and filled with spikes of different flavors. Truly an awesome beverage.
Sweet honey nose. Lots of rye in the palate. Spicy at the end, with a rye finish. Good. Complex.
Sweet maply nose. Rich sweet taste. Full robust finish. Really Good.
The nose on this is like a sweeter version of the basic Woodford.
The palate has a combination of sweet and briny notes.
The Woodford medicinal notes are there but are brightened up by the sweetness.
I don't detect much maple flavor, just sweetness.
It's more log cabin syrup than pure maple syrup.
Some bitterness lingers on the finish.
It's fine but nothing exciting.
The nose on this whiskey is amazing. Like someone put a little basket of potpourri in a big, old-timey spice cabinet... Like, I can smell the hand-hewn wood, the lovingly-maintained spice jars, the years of scents all blended together to create something like allspice-pecan-rhubarb-cinnamon-heaven-pie. On the palate, however, the enchantment is gone, and the whiskey is revealed as a bit of a woody, dry, cocoa-cinnamon and light toffee number. I do like it, and I especially appreciate the experimentation that's gone into this... You can certainly taste it... It's just too dry for me. But surely worth a try.
Unsurprisingly, the nose is very woody.
It's also got some nice butterscotch notes.
The palate starts sweet, has some woody astringency and finishes with the medicinal qualities that seem to be characteristic of Woodford.
The woody astringency complements the medicinal notes making this decent with a dry woody finish.
The nose is a bit sour.
You can sense the wine influence in a musty, winery like note, but not as pleasant smelling as a winery.
The palate is sweet with a definite wine influence, but it tastes more like a cheap jug wine than a good California Chardonnay.
The way the sweetness is integrated with the corn gives it some Canadian Whisky style notes.
The jug wine characteristics really come out in the finish.
The label says Sonoma-Cutrer but the finish shouts Paul Masson... We shall finish with no wine before its time.
I had this once a long time ago and was impressed. Just had it again and remembered why. The nose is like a bourbon aged Speyside - lots of oaky saw dust and cereal grain, with some light orange and lemon gumdrop aromas, almost a Springbank coconut. Very pleasant and appetite arousing. Water brings out some grassy and smoky qualities. The finish is long with citrus. I savored this with sushi. All of this is very subtle. The dominant notes are the pleasant woody aroma turning to citrus. I ignored Yamazaki 12 for a while because it is the most ubiquitous Japanese malt, but I guess there is a good reason. It's easy to enjoy.
Nice honey and sweets and a similar to a Balvenie Doublewood or a Cragganmore 12.
Very nice and easy drinking but not a great deal to get excited about.
Good solid bottle for the cabinet.
Nice sweetness and very drinkable.
Great for the price!
Vanilla (vaneera?) and hot pepperyness. Vibrant although simple. A good deal.
Gentle and smooth. More earthy flavor than the 12 year old offering. Best enjoyed neat.
Nose of fruit and Circus Peanuts with light smoke.
Gentle warming smoothness on the palate, bourbony with spices, sweet, and creeping notes of gentle wood smoke.
The previous fades nicely in the finish with some woodyness taking over.
This has a great nose.
You definitely get the sherry notes on this with some exotic wood and incense.
Wow... So much better than the 12 year and worth the extra cost is worth it.
This has some coconut ginger spice going on with some nice mellow vanilla.
The fruity cherries and raisins are nicely integrated.
I've had this a couple of times now, always in non-conducive-to-notes-settings.
One thing is always clear though, it's always good but never great.
Light sherry and evergreen.
Best I can do unless you want to give me some more...
Strong fruity sherry profile, dominated by apricots, then plumbs, and a hint of unpeeled kiwi which hits on both the nose and palate.
The sherry is the transformational type, it's really melded with the malt.
Finishes sweet with a nice silky mouth feel.
It was a frenzy.
Great woody sherry.
Long cherry finish.
Surprisingly, the Yellow Spot nose is much lighter than the Green Spot; it has a grainy, almost bourbon like quality to it. The palate is also very grainy with a very alcoholic type flavor. Tasting blind, I think I would guess that it was a single grain whiskey. The initial grainy note then leads to some bitterness and some soapiness, and a bit of sourness which could be the wine influence. Some floral notes emerge in the finish, followed by bitterness. This one is a bit all over the place. The flavors don't come together well, and there are a number of off notes and clashing flavors. It's as if it can't decide if it wants to be grainy or sweet, so it settled on bitter.
The nose on this has a lot of fruit candy. I'm talking Juicy Fruit gum, also some Kraft caramel cubes and vanilla, very nice stuff. The palate also has a lot of candy notes, but now I'm getting salt water taffy, more caramel, and English Toffee ice cream. The finish has toffee. Despite all of the candy flavors, this isn't cloyingly sweet and has a richness of body that makes it quite pleasant and drinkable, if not overly complex.
Musty-smoky nose.
On the palate I say smoky-yum-sweet-hot.
Just a couple drops of water tame the fire and open this up into a very pleasant drink, with a moderate and agreeable finish.
Woody, smoky.
Needs more dimensions, but the couple present here I really like.
Wood and peat nose, big peat all the way through.
Water releases some sugars.
Finishes dry and hot.
The nose on this is about as light and fruity as it gets.
The palate is more malty though still quite light.
I can see how this would compete with the Glenfiddich/'Livet drinker who wants something a bit lighter and fruitier, but there's not much substance to it.
Medium amber color. The nose is predominantly rough grains, a little oak and somewhat sweet. On the palate it has a little vanilla and is very grainy, but mostly has a lot of flavors I just don't like. The finish is a little bitter. Overall, this is an interesting release and I could see some people finding elements they like here. I don't like it at all however.
